You know that what I do is write for kids, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, I read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress myself as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and openings.
And you know that an explorer usually is something that falls to you somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as an open.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Belimer.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s, in the middle school, in State, Ohio.
When they were beaten up every week in the toilet of the kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Port that said, "I need to see you.
I'm excited that of adults we never meet.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to take you with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be some hospital.
We found it a place, we interact, and we care about it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, he became a confession box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that open that I talked about was made in his own sake.
The expectation is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save yours.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first treatments.
I was amazed.
My heart rate, I was bad, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tags around me around the water almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't even more than thought it was a subject of snow about another seven year after year.
The temperatures are born when they learn from glaciers or break the ice faces.
Every iceberg has their own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to slow up and hold up to the end, whereas others can't afford them more and become a dramatic passion airport.
It's easy to think, by watching an iceberg that are separated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As an iceberg melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As an iceberg releases the blue fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these tests as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and they will not exist that way again.
It's not death when they're destroyed, it's not an end, but a continuation of its path by the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the temperatures that I photograph is very young -- it's got a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in Berkeley, Greenland.
It's very often going to be really going to be able to have a broken text.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It measures about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your fleet line.
You can see here, it starts to run, the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a German iceberg of the average size.
It takes out of the water about 120 or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so note, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby -- OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much on the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the perception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X X chromosome joined the X X chromosome.
They both think about and started life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to take two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people love anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animals, how have the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is an activist, as a patient designer, or as I say sometimes, a daily advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working with, for example, with twin twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with genomes -- much more low than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit into male and conventional phones and conventional phones.
In general lines, we can call it a sense of sensory.
The perseverance.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with a cash of GDP that gene Senia of chromosome and says to the teachers, that we all have in the fatal life, which are become technology.
And then, in real life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the survival of sensitivity to the guys.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a result, the body develops following a typical control course.
When it comes born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it tests you realize that instead of having variations and uterus -- actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called the supermarket blocks.
They're in the back of the body.
The black glands produce analysis, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their control structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the guys.
We produce gears and respond to the guys.
As a consequence, someone like me have the brain more exposed to the guys that the woman who was born with tests that have the substance syndrome to the guys.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the profits are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some form they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy and raised like you will go, I had girlfriend, and sexual relations with her, he carried a life as a boy and I had just found out that he had a lot of ovarian and short.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a regular supermarket.
He had the 20th chromosomes and in the uterus the supermarket glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their grandchildren were made out of the mass, the brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
He was born with a little boy, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal metaphor, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of sense.
Some people with chromosomes are developing what is known as a car, which is to say, they have fresh tissue wrapped in the spectacular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies are -- whether they are angel, the signals -- or sexual twins, or survival -- they get normal surgeries not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy takes a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, allegedly being black wants to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the catalogu.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people inside the same body.
The fastest case is last year with the South African corridor with South Africa Shanghai -- he put his sex in the International Joes Jewish Judges.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are they going to do to determine whether Sarstone Semble is men or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a sharp line between men and women or between men and and and some of the man and the survival and the serious and survival and survival and survival -- we are the ones we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more you move the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were mathematically analysis that are supported directly with stable intentional categories -- they're much more definitely than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do in the fact that we can make fun of them in just a few computers?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we make are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of the excites of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the pictures.
There are very elaborate discussions today -- maybe not public -- but I know within the medicine -- about when someone considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if you move still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to confront the dilemma of really determining someone's death, and this puts us into a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe think that this explosion of categories could achieve someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To tell you that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a president of the Ford Parachrons.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much looking at that music course "recovery -- and not by music, which is totally valuable.
That's what happened in 1777 with the Ford Parachrons.
The founding fathers were to me, the first activist activists and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomic concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers -- what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The world's monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power by the right of blood of blood to the father and then the son, etc.
The Ford fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They sent the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not atomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And then they were doing it because they were part of a crowded system where they were tracking two things.
He was tracking democracy and at the same time it was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Foundation Paris, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were melting out of the supernatural explanations and then they rejected the concept of the successful power that is transmitted by an idea vague of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what about years later?
And women succeed.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the dead of Sunday Turkey, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the public Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who appealed to an atomic coincidence about anatomical difference and, again, transported.
We see the same with the Disasse movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking why we keep certain dimensions.
But attention, I want to keep some atomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we should be going to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that at the age of five years, they had to allow them to have sexual relationships or get married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should stay on.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two sentient beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two serious, both connections in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months earlier -- June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in the term -- was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the version, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other areas in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X -- in virtue of being considered a man now is that it is now possible to the mandatory force that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still have anatomic categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy based on anatomy could be faced?
I don't want to give to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scaling us.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a strange position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes and so on.
Now, in practice they don't make the film exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the guys.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech.
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their carbon, going beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character.
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to protect people rights to people, because I have to admit that I know that I know that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some collaborators that I know can make more informed decisions and smart and drugs about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the topic of the content of career?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me wondered what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it is willing to take a sex change in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I am happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light twins out of them to then separate them and so forth.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation -- it was a very risky operation -- he told me that in that other country these kids would be very bad and therefore I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum. Instead of surgical supply?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on your head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and it is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the sensory -- I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the control studies is that women in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to get care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advisers that I knew I was interested in feminism -- I considered me feminist -- like now -- made me a strange plan."
"Tell me what you have of female members?
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Mexico has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in the mammography."
But the more I've thought about the question, the more it seems to me that there's something female in memory.
I mean, there might be something in average, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people from the state, it is possible that there will be more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recognition concept.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we get democracy beyond the size, thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where every family thinks where they want to go to live and work, have the possibility to choose at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already property and that at the other half would still be missing.
You could try to increase the ability by making exhibitions in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the destruction of the building.
So it would be very difficult to do all those artists.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it together.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to keep cities and gave them a name, cities under state.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jack and Rock were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75 surroundings would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Human went through a broken constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, fish Louic was driven by a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
He asked Apple to be his head of a cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies to protect them, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Jack.
They called me.
They said, "Let's give this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- see -- they say, in some cases, they're worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point when there was a pause, and Rock said, Paul: maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a student under state is a place where it starts with the little superhers, a status that specifies the rules that are going to apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So President of Honor called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this might be the way to our country forward.
He asked me to go to Science and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denie and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denie.
Just this airport covers over 100 kilometers square.
So I was trying to convince the surgeons that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody represented complexity.
The face of the audience were very serious and so on.
The condition leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be able to be in Southern, instead of hundreds of miles away, north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the government government leaders would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the statue, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively continued.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after, January 19, they voted in Congress to send their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional understanding was 124 to one.
All of the parties, all the devices in society, they break it.
In order to include in the Constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another vote, 11 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to 24 percent February, a 30 dreams in February, was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything that you see there was four years after they spent four years with the permissions.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've been building two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about it in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time they would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Court Court to be the ultimate of last influence for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that you've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to be installed in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately elsewhere.
There's a million dollars a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are mothers who have to win money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, there are even kids who are trying to meet their parents that you haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like in building a new city in Humans?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose among various cities that are competing to attract new destinations?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my fellow friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my family.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that I live obsessed with the tricks.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog and was a streams and colorful and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of stem markets and step stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my cartoon in the environment and my wallet.
I come to meet interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my way is unique, and I will buy it into my personal search search for stress.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my street?
I'd like color color?
Would you cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the theme of my neighborhood, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring to someone who has all that robot?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear clothes, and nothing else.
Robotic internal for exactly a week is everything I've put in my family.
I thought I would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Sergery.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear.  That means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I'm going to tell you or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is what I call a brilliant grade.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
Almost you can see it phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the jacket, was 55 and the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Literators: The color is energy.
It's almost biologically impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars -- the integration is so cool.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft Microsoft, Giorosic ends)
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the districts, or I remember their little seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you.
Justine: The trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost secure you are.
And if you think you don't look well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and external person, there's no look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
You see, a universal truth -- six words for you: The golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, six set of personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little back.
So before I go home to Basemer, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave back certain things.
I don't need to get away emotionally to these things, because at the bottom of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit suit, colorful and bright waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure the adopted of every honor, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would take one of these extremes, but I think for most of the attributes of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great impact in both of the hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exceptional.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to channel these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this institution? Well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them, and then we see how they react to, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed over the past of the years is that one thing can be just in one place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't have this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell down.
But I bet that I will play with that parking bar show you a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with the parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But it was not good at my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical situation.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right at the center.
And then here we do a very large approach to the small metal tree.
So what we see is a little bit of metal period, with a springboard form and that is on a platform.
And so I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this teacher with a swimming pilot that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum position, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things -- but then when other people go out of doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that goes out and the wind that goes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal metal to agree with quantum mechanics, we would have to explore all the other pasts.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a shortage and spread all the air, and then we put it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being just on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was seeing it, and the way I was coming up with was like a breath in this way -- as a street that expands and contract.
And by giving it a mild post, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant thing and not vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trees of atoms that make that metal piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in particular determined when those are floating.
In the rest of time they are disappeared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal metal is kind of the same as the difference between that metal metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you touch your consciousness if your body was detailed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal is still there in one piece.
And I was able to get to this new intuition, seemingly all the objects on the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep area of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it to you.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories are safe, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There is a lot of stories why we did it.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It takes a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to do the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just go to Burneomed.
Look around all the museums that are there.
There's the gallery Uganda, the Mom, the Microsoft, the Microsoft, the Gulf Gore.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metrophone, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and painted, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened up the plane up, and with a single click, we jump in.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They're distinguished.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Peter President Peter in the Metrophole.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data information.
For those of you who are truly interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gray technology.
So this picture, for example, I think, I think, about 10 billion pixels of papers.
And there's a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pilots?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million pixels here.
It can make it sound very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to die.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I went through a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metakin, and I actually discovered that this is a game called a biography, which is to hit a day with a stick on the Tuesday of Carolina.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we're going to go back again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The next night here.
The example I showed was to find detail details.
But what if you want to see the clips of the claims?
And if you want to see what Van Girl actually created this master job?
It increases it and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The stage night, I think I'd never seen it like this.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The College."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a man, that gives you the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we walked in, -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "base, -- we just made a road around.
It's about "The Bank National Gallery in London.
You can do things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel when you contemplating these masterpieces of the masters.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes it justice to his artwork and it's represented right online.
And the big question that they do today is: "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum, "It was a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a paper, a flying pale.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian and all kids in Italy growing with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting about the careers of Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Formula one, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win the race.
This is what it is that in engineering, it's called a real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and a car.
What's interesting today is that today's control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming the free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
It is a big thing.
As a note that I wanted to mention is that cities are only two percent of the Earth's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and up to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Parliament Pole at the Momer in the MoMA.
It's called "The Male Tom "The Mooren Michael "Hey!
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
In a way, it's just like all the existing atoms become sensors and states.
And that is completely changing.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michael Langle.
You know, when Michelangelo Tai sticks up the Mose, he says that at the end of the end took the hammer and put it to the Moses -- you can still see a little baby underneath it, and he said screaming, "I would have no gold a painting?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist in the idea of capturing the environment and achieve something.
Let's start with detection here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember, played Italy and France, and at the end Zen gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the River Batt.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the party: silence.
Golf de France. Gulf of Italy.
Engage -- people do a quick call.
Second time. End of time.
First additional time, second.
Zeneralis, and in a moment, the head.
Gang Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Michael where, from the romantic period, people are going to celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but about things we use and we consume.
Today, we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their deployment for the system.
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of all the way would come.
And then we put a little chip, a tag and the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of benefits in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of transportation transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that you take on a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Mass Bride, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to take on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Karaduship ...
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, who came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can technology, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and the valves of soldiers, the supermarkets that open and shut down.
It's created like a water coral, with water pales.
If you raise the pixels you can write on them, showing patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom closer, the curtain will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Black mayor of the Black mayor here.
He liked it a lot.
And it demands a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Exponent.
We call it Dalian water.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you get closer to you so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the catals, it goes down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappear -- like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "Defi the building."
No, it's not that you have it, but when it gets down almost all architecture disappear.
Here it is in operation.
You see people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not move to the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what a night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Radiu came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to let go, but a building that kept making short, and water holes and you had to jump out to be not moving.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical papers, water pales, and of projections about them.
And this led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw earlier, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the papers.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes.
And that then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D to which you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Library, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with a input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Black -- one of the best dance dancers of today, the New York star star and the Million Six to capture their movements in 3D and use it as input for the Flop.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the papers, the capture in different solutions.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flop.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment almost as a cloud of clouds, like the grain grade, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody would drop a little bit of a paper.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is showing us -- we can move from the digital world, of the self-organized power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this might be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively, consultant.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are papers.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by papers.
You can move inside inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital dead at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only some changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or you might like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe from themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you want more to like?
What would you like if you could choose anything?
(Music -- creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
But few. Probably the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many choose memory?
A few more.
What about physical state.
A little less.
How about the computer?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor about the subject.
The great genius of the 20th century, Turio. Disaster, who also compared to the Church Russia Route, wrote a titled essay -- no biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if they effectively accept biological evolution, you consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, of course, the most interesting one.
We came from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of honors.
Some have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we are far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human income, but it's the same protein, chemically initialization, which comes out of the pancreas here.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria of the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Hawaii tells you about the image of the images, think about bacteria ...
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm -- dark, human, it's very convinced.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort of their parts.
It really is like a fast way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force force to the hall.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as a single and unique company, and human life, a small note.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the intelligence and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the cellular organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell transmitted to the two daughters of the cell.
But when the multicellular organisms appear things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important -- with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes a credit belonging.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, survival, sex, death death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, it had more disease.
I came to understand George Bronx feelings who still played in Las Vegas well in their 90 years.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him he finds a magnificent piece of clothes.
And he looks at it and he says, "Come for a sex separate."
"It says George, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily a contract, just different.
He was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From a evolutionary point of view, you and I are like a reflection rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen is when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dead."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily miss the biggest or the stronger or the faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors better creatures to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
On the bottom of the ocean the immortal bacteria that can survive the heat of the drugs that they would produce, if there were fish there, fish to the vacuum -- yet they've managed to do that a control environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we look back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look at it at the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been saved and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have contributed our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we cut, we cut, and we mix so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, tax by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are stepping down, but they're beautiful.
And in terms of analysis, when as a species we put distant planets are going to exist, and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility, intriguing and terrifying possibility.
I call it the research, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing more males than women.
It's not a good thing for society but is what's chosen to individual and family level.
They also think that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of their offspring -- but in your own body to make the genetic notes to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the application?
Wouldn't you want to do those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and spent 13 years.
I cost 2.3 billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near the 20,000 and a week.
It will not be a lot of missing to make the human genome reality for 1,000 and more and more of all of them.
These changes come from.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that aren't only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or there is no experimental experimental trial with the gas vaccine in cells of an tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the bank?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their decline?
And if they could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the fresh recorder of it, and give your children a better chance of a more healthy life, eliminating diabetes, eliminate democracy, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases are going to allow us to also adopt a special shortage -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Kenny in all if you could increase it with the next generation of the San machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be terrible.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have turned the evolution of before in the supply.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considering?
Or are we going to choose relatively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more rare and more regional?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about it: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions know?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making a clock, click, click.
And click, click, click, close. Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting at the 19th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some passengers.
The pilot had seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line up the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It took the engines off.
Imagine being on a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most exciting words I've ever heard.
He said, "I will stand for the position."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do, all the fences that I wanted to replace, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
As I was thinking about that later on, I came up with a sentence, which is "conversation "green conservation."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to emphasize anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we put the bridge George Washington, which was not for much -- I thought about Wow, I really feel a big fish.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave place to my ego.
And I read the time that I wasted in things that don't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then as measured in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to have a reason anymore, Sheill will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going on, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly around.
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those dictionaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, "Ooh, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still   And I scream, cry like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points, which the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I got a miracle, not dying that day.
And I had another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You're flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine how would you change?
What are you going to do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live for it?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx called TED.
TPS was one of the most important graffiti protocells in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a man in the "lost."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis, today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design and animation company, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony TED, and to his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking, isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those shoes?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Does anybody see the movie "The Francisco and the barrier?
They communicate in that way -- they are getting rid of the finger.
I said, "That's rational. How can it be?"
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed up a check, that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to meet.
I committed to his brother and with his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the talk, Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much on your inner cannot be able to communicate.
So I spoke in a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Gandocal Grandmill Represary Review, which has a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser port, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, ultimately, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side to another we had made a couple of things.
One, we played the doors from insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking's called.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it America, because when you talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is great."
The other thing we did was we bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and screens and anti-complexity took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we went back to have taken out the squares of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea floor of Venice, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called European Protocklik: You can see the description of it.
They're a couple of cheap silks that we bought in the sea floor of Vangin Beach, some of the copper copper and Homo Design things and Hadron Sacram.
We took a PMS camera, we open it up, we mounted it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- you build it yourself, we published the free code -- the software goes down into free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Anyone with paralysis today have access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room and that's their room.
There was all this ball and a broken during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so that I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking parking lot.
The funny thing was that we had to go in parking in parking so we felt like we were a regulation of graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been underwater, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't that amazing?
And in a way, that's our war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a Male March.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and fast.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
It comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is great."
Armstrong tweet something about us and then, in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up the circle -- is that in April in the Mountain George in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in the States."
And Art in the States is going to have the best explosions of urban art, Bonobo Forest, California, Canada, all of them are going to be there.
TPS is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Protocologist, the Protocologist, the Protocologist, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- any thing in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with circular recognition technology, I simply recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people so that I could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we meet something we feel to do with something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when I am not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine, dangerous mine.
I filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that can be held and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the park I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a file in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some in Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the following: "The South South Bob present: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and content could be put on the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TED?
A lot.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that support I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the marketing world, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared -- nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Schuck: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest film ever sold along."
What happens in "The largest movie ever selling is that all of the top down the bottom -- early at the bottom, it has brand images, all the time -- from the support that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Alex Station, the Center Center.
These people are going to be partner to performance -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. Michael Vangator: It's a death." Is it what?  (Music: It's a death."
I'm a barrel of the down. MG: I just say that. It was more for signals.
It was "On the personality. It was forever."
But we're not just going to have the X X park in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to ensure all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used before.
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest film ever sells -- the best wheat that you drink, record of "The largest movie ever sold along."
Carl Kare," the idea is so besides showing the brands as part of life, make them fund the finally? MS: To make funding the final finance." MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of principle.
And I would love that CEO to help make it happen.
Robert Freedom: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
GH: However, I don't know how it is going to be people to that.
ZK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "you get a lot of television -- but you know how it's going to represent? (Music: No idea. David God!"
MS: One and a half million -- DA: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but that certainly is going to be able to convince a couple of big brands.
ZK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes up with us as a lot of joyful distributions.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Red Red, most answers.
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, by the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic.
Okay? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: OK. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about which brands are.
MS: Yeah. MG: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go -- MS: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought that the camera was meant to have a conversation outside of microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all of these sudden companies disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media is not the idea to tell you that new medical vehicle, which is going to lead the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a career mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, not, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for a form of transportation in Google --  --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way, of course, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or visit, easily interface -- that is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practice.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president name -- even the CEOs of the name of it.
But suddenly when it's trying to make it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still continues to play.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is a reason?
I'll eat a whole bowl of Collide Changel.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as she used to do it -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kevin in many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away the background and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to talk about suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk about companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies -- huge movies, giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make movies of great Hollywood movies, giant them, say the reason why their movies have so much success is due to the associated marks they have.
And then my friends make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The largest film ever sold along."
How are we going to see Balconic in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my battle, you'll see the former Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone can say, "Are you good for this interview in any time.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the engineer."
And there I would offer you one of these fabulous friends.
Both Burker Burner as "Jane Vancouses are going to have its opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, slow, ball, in mud, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a huge look.
Karen France: We're a small brand.
It would similar to the smallest type of films that you say, we are more likely a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Ben to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: The upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the box.
Man: We talk about something audacious, cool stuff.
I think it's a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the sound."
It keeps you.
How do you keep them fresh more time? With better face, more fragile, three times the favorite time.
Things like those who solve benefits.
MS: And that's a male company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to ordinary fish.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your face?
Man: Mark my gay?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: It will send the 1980s, pathway per less than it is day of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a started.
MS: All right, what is March March?
Richard: Something unique. (Music: No! Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark classroom."
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I carry access as sun, or I like crystals and similar signs.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic magnetic: Merce Ben.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a capital flight.
Woman 2: In part of a hippie -- in part of the man, in part of the guy -- Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of males.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Labs, because I deliver the market.
Man 5: March a short market.
Is that anything?
Amazon: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm top.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I often rank myself in the intersection of dark glamour and carbon flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "Mark "Reputation."
And I found a company called London Sanchal in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Stephen, Fairecture, Harvard to discover that personality.
If they could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
And opening it out, you bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are reaching up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the prison: What does that serve us?
What's the mass of the mass? What phase phase you find now?
Why is it important to refuge? What is the red record?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism have you have?
You don't have to fear -- what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Audience: (This -- no, thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, MR: Yeah. (Music: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Random Facebook, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complexity, in your brand personality, the Mario Martin brand is a scientific brand.
They suck up very well.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them tired and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic -- Apple Apple.
And you can see it also here to Tagger, Chicago, minister of Mike Cooper and January.
Now there are legal marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come but a solution brand is a very powerful thing.
MS: A special brand. What's your gay?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a determined adulthore, you're somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a distributed airplane?
A little bit more waste, sense, conservation?
The descendants are like being playful to be a law like the Prize, contemporary contemporary or an American, shorted or bold like Army Flop, rapid or galaxy, teacher, distance, magical or mystic like Bang.
Or are you more of a string attractive and strong attack?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you a state, work, progress, protection? You identify with Aughtter?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, correctional, safe, safe, content or wise or wise like the Dalai Lama or Mandel?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and the descendants and determines, which said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the manufacturing, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they are now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for marketing and movie.
We went to San Paulo.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no streets, there are no sheep, there are no streets, no solar ones.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing the way in schools with the literature issues in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've had more success are the ones I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interfaces taken up to their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Have they succeeded up?
Well, since the film is stress in the Supermarket African, let's take a look.
According to Burners the movie is started in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half.
That's just online -- no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in fear.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies we talked about were advised to their customers not to be part of them.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that they're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk is preparing their entire company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we have to give it the fear of fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We cut the fear. We opened the risk.
From a coal at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And in fact, we have to switch to transparency.
Today, more than never a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "Deal Talk has been presented by my good friends of MMI who by 7.2 bought the name of the name in Evely.
EM: turning big data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
EMA is showing us "The Facebook."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan on behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1975?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a grant for the name of the TED Mathering organization, the Silicon Foundation, a story for 1964 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the constant computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the production plant in National Nationa.
The gray boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and victims, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
Green boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Sunday.
We started with a Windows institution.
The goal goes into the gray box, damage the center, and the nuclear program would be drawn is disabled, missing mission.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discover this.
When we started researching about Steven six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the analysis used multiple power vulnerability.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes -- these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with System and we saw what happened to this.
So they were very strange.
Sheit was behaving like a laboratory rat that he didn't like our construction, and he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, this is a leading attack.
It's completely drawn."
The beetle is looking in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working at that place.
If no, Stephen does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the target is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
So we went down and we cleaned the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I will attack for.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you heard that the anti-complexity of Stephen is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old bandless language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning was called to the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at the temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about distributions that we could learn or figure.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent robot, it must be a valuable white, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infections have been revealed.
You don't find a number of thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils up to the nuclear power plant in Burnian and the National algae plant.
So I told my assistant, "I have a list of all the experts in proteins and energy plants between our children."
I called them and I became a effort to convert their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital robot with the control of the river.
The red is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly test it and even make the protein explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to come back crazy to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital target looking very close to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 14 percent is on that code, you can't send it out.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these facilities are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a balance, and every waterfall has 150 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better still.
These forests in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
For that there is no many disease, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in dead dead dead and we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital voices would go into one single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall and making the authors and the rotations and the big eye communicate with six discoveries and manipulating the valves of the victims.
Instead, we're very confident that we have determined what the distance is.
It's National and it's just Natal.
We shouldn't worry about other goals being achieved by Sylvia.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and it turns out the factors.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values for example, of pressure sensors and violence sensors and provide legitimate code, which still executed during the attack, with false data data.
And believe or not, these fake data data is made by Sun Stephen.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is called a leadership camera.
Is it cool is?
The idea here is obviously not just looking at the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and or aggressive, actually.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in a energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes down, you have to open up fleesen valve in a mass.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can blow up.
And the security system will notice it.
That's scared.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is a generic attack.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with the centers, with uranium growth.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's general.
And you don't have such as a horse -- to disseminate this charge with a USB key, as we saw in Santa Stanford.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
You can tell it as possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a control of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Paradox, it's been public in many sides that people assume that Mass is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Lenter: OK, really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My view is that the Massachu is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supercompution.
There is one alone, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately at all.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for us. Thank you, Park.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and that you have supernatural skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair go back and go back and walk.
In "Behring Bonocas we call these robots, ants.
They're not different from something that you put in the morning, it gives you a great strength, which also increases their speed, and helps him, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign ones.
This is not a real idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on, we started talking about American soldiers who, in average, has to take on their back, a 45 pounds of charge -- and it's now getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the matter.
Let me introduce you the Hollywood -- or Paris Carrooms Carte.
Soldier: With the Hollywood exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put in cards to be able to go through and run up with great animation.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Al Berkeley Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the streams of wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people on wheelchair, all over the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spine column that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that needs to be multiplied quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair of wheels.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful space, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the LGOT which is using Amanda Bloodline who was using 19 years ago had a lesion on the spinal column, and as a result could not walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bollywood: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Kenness, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here on the back.
There's also a lot of batteries that give the motors into the cards, and in the knees and they do it with this soft and very natural storm.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing it down there was paralyzed down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost every sensation and everything moving on the ball down.
A few time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Leahners, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last perception of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to get rid of it down on corners, climbing rocks and even riding in a bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It is in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Andrew, and all the users of wheelchair, to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton practice sex to say, and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Alexander Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild banks of the Congo seas.
The bonobos are along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their adverse.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, landscapes, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence has not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the college, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a pursuit -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the signal itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been organized by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bank.
The meat meat trade and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, on this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by getting the trees.
Who are these first?
We know them as the apes "Make love, not the war, because they have a frequent sex, property and message to drive conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity since the life of Bonobos is more than the Koran Surface.
The banks, like humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster the telescope.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human instinct.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video games taken from the wild.
First, it's a sound of solar stage -- and I'm not talking about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look what she is doing it.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "It has taken off the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is both common in both Bonobo and humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- like testicles -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is popular.
The game is popular, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more similar, imaginative images, curious -- maybe the place where the staggering is.
And I want you to see -- this is Friance, a young man, who is playing with water simultaneously.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual sex of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a world increasingly difficult and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our administration of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage the maximum of our play opportunity?
The game is not function.
Play is essential.
For bones and humans alike, life is not just cruel and disabled.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
So the primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Toman.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I pump fires as a captain of captain in a body of volunteers a volunteer.
And in our city, where volunteers get to a highly qualified staff you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first administration.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was faced in a conversation with the owner that he certainly passed one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the last night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a parachute, in a pajamas -- as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I am, called Le Luther Luther --  came to the captain and he asked him to enter and save the dog of the house.
The dog: I was so superflict."
There was a lawyer or a money management that, in the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building building to save a live being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an accident.
He said, "Behind, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire and bring this woman a couple of shames."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- put the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firefighters that that height sort of had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back down the staircase where I met my Gemes and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We took out of the house for the house of house where, as I was to expect, his storm received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the home owner by the brave effort showed to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
And so in my partner in Robin Loven as in my partner as a volunteer professor, I am a team of a generosity of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of acts of grace and cortex at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved it, or they are going to be able to do remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: they don't expect.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to do, give it now.
They serve food in a dining computer, they clean a park park.
Be meters.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So you go into the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bees: Thank you.
This may seem odd, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a measure that fit into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we, as buildings, or bridges -- a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1944, to LIGO came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly flow.
And in a few years, LEDs from LGBT came to every home.
There are more than 400 billion or 75 dollars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBT made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly the same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to go away, the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick who would take some of the things about others to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing intelligence.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Penasets are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're designed to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets together.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the sound, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly you can start making more circuits better.
A blue blue is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse, which is here, and now we have an inherent light.
We added this tiny top to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, the Library is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and surrounding, Linkers allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To do faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind the intelligence is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to reduced bricks to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given the Library to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light light works, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken the Library to design schools.
So for example, designers without any electronic experience start playing with influences like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and particular, we have George trying to create.
(Audience sounds)  A few weeks ago, we took a few weeks ago to the design School design designers of Rhode Island, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a condition of a context that was active by movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a glass made of Play-Doh that has fear of darkness.
For these no engineers, the Library became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be in front of everyone.
So, Piles has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment focused on the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit of a shot.
We can actually continue to get the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, do you know the time?
Okay. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to be antenneed, and we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called The American For America and would be like a Power Paris for a context.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the communities.
Instead of sending them to Third World we send them to the wild world of the world.
They made big applications -- worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know the Al A.
It's a distance of Boston City.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what it really looks for is someone clean it up when he gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at paying fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask for help like this so some some single?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Lood for America.
They were there in February, and at that time it was a lot last year.
They realized that the city never clean these distributions.
But one of the members named Erik Linkers noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a drink.
You accept cleaning it up when it comes down.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can register.
You know, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it is the smallest of the 21 last year.
But it does something that no other government technology is doing.
And it extends in viral form.
A responsible of the city of New York City when you see this app was realized that he could use it, not for the snow but for citizens to adopt tsunami systems.
It's very important that these signs of tsunami, but people were stealing the batteries.
So he asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to get the diagnostics to take off.
And Chicago just launched it to make people get registered to clean sidewalks when I snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it.
And this has spread without fractions, in a organic and natural way.
If you know a little government technology you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
And last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has taken two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is kind of a warning of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions in a open and generative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to tackle the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an advanced institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with effective.
And it's not only Town for America but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration of that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave aside the feelings about politics, the line in the DMS -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is, essentially, in Tim Rex," which we do together because we can't just can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I'll ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, government yes.
And because the government of the last week of us -- remember that from "We -- the population? The way to think about it how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is about choosing people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is about all of all, about the targets.
This is the center of telephone care and information.
It's the place that tends to call them if you mark 311 in America.
Scott came up with this call.
I got into the basis of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors out of the house, putting music well and see if you go?
And it worked. So for Scott Scot.
But that wasn't the end of the trains.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile phone, called "The Congo Congress."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New Bronx Business Behringus.
One day, this really happened to get this ask -- "Barry in my garbage cause, I don't know if she's dead.
How do I make it to the shot?
The dynamic of Cabic Congo is different.
Scott was talking to people.
In Conclus Congo everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Ranging? Yeah. Video: Yeah.
I turned out the cube. I went home.
Good night, a driver of the driver."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are helping and help others.
So, a citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key role.
It connected to two people.
And it might have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we get the communities.
If we call animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think you're the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That is because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches away.
That's what we call a direction.
And we say that word very quickly.
But it is that decline that keeps us that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against us, that other thing, and in regard we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we need to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That's the Mountain movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 3D pages in response to the request of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's a bureaucratic activist.
And for those of us who have been assigned to the government, it's time we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go and solve the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't press government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to break the function of the government so that it can expand for civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act in a manual, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who you're going to talk about.
You can express your opinions in any channels at the same time, and they do.
So when you deal with the problem of government they don't really care about making their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make it work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a hydrant -- it can be supporting weeds -- where you go through a garbage cube that has a barrier inside.
Of course, we were always able to have cleaned up those of them and a lot of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that; we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask everybody, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voices of voices, or will we also be a hand of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in slums, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you teach it with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but if it's cartoon, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a American family dominated by a map, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 188 and his experience with slavery confirmed the way the world looked like.
She was hard, but it was also a bunch of love.
When I was a little kid and I looked at her, she came up to me and I was a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then jumped out.
One or two hours later, I came back and looked at it, and he was like, "Below, you still feel my arm?
And if I said no, I would grab me again and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the bottom of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she was smiling, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, attracted the room, he took me out of his hand and said, "Go Brian. We're going to get it."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Boy, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell you."
I said, "Okay, Mary."
She said, "Now sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Bronx to me.
I said, "You know, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is that you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me to always care you."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mama, so I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right while the right thing is the hard thing to do.
I thought about it and I said, "Yes, Mam. So I will."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mama, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 -- 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers package -- I didn't know where I pulled them up, grabbed my sister and went to the forest.
We just got the crazy computers.
He took a beer sea and offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a scanner."
I set up my gaze with strength and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mahmoud."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mamma tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was described.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread very quickly.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying this is a virtual sense." I say it because of the power that the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that they really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe power to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been ready for ban properties.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, and we should commit to them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in national freedom.
And this massive face, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it finds so much defense, so much despair.
One in three black black in the age of 18, and the 30 years is in jail or in the regional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Baltimore -- 50 to 60 percent of all color people are in jail or in the regional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not a support, but wealth that drives the results.
And it seems that we feel very slowly.
The fear of fear and fruit makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are connected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama as well as other states, you provide you from rights forever, if you have a criminal connection.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to vote.
And if we project it for the next 10 years, the risk of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law on the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
The U.S. is the only country in the world where you sit at children 13 to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility to go out before.
Right now we are in a process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death of death.
This death death issue is interesting.
In some sense we have been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the common crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Out of every nine people executed -- has identified one that is innocent that it's an amazing and liberated from the death of death.
A story of error, amazing -- an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation not allowed them to never afford airplanes if in every nine who would come up, you would have to star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we get to kill you.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being literated.
I was worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are more people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talk, you make speech. Tell people to stop saying that in our history we first deal with terrorism, after 1149.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with it."
The age of terrorism continues, obviously, with the segregated and decades of racial suicide and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good enough to hear what you say."
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intellectually and department, we would be able to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their greatest Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this content.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, complicated.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are extended by suffering, abuse, degradation, and some organized.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both of these things.
We ultimately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more direction with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the deserts, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
The development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also because of heart infections.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and dead but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Halistor, the big leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering, we wish all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, the spirit for the spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and being a story."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, which still in communities like TED, has to behave.
There is no conventional disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to truly be human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks to meet Ross Park.
These women gather just to speak.
Occasionally, Ms. Carroom called me, to say, "Baline, comes the Mrs.
Do you want to come and listen to you?"
I said, "Yes, lady. I want to do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Look at it."
So I went and I just listened to them.
It was very smart, very dramatic.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brazil, my mind is that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We tried to help the ones that have been convicted correctly.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice management.
We try to end up with life senses, without a national freedom for children.
We're trying to do something about death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end the massive concerts.
I gave all my best speech, and when he ended up and he looked at me and he said, "It memored memory memory."
And he said, "Look, I got out of a shot -- very short."
At that moment, Ms. Carl leaned up, put my finger into the face and said, "That's why you have to be very damn but very valuable.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a mechanics.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a rock.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a murderer of it.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people that should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I actually think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very informal, it's not going to judge us for our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not for the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged ones, but the way they treat the poor, the connections, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand truly profound topics about what we are.
I feel a little bit saved. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too strength.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sense of a lot of determines.
I go to prison, and I see my customers at 13 and 14 years, that have been enabled to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone who isn't it?
The judge was translated as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was missing thinking about God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a movement.
He had a 14 year-old client -- a little, poor, black.
I started working on the middle, with a triangle that said, "The McGowan for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 175 year-old prisoners, executive of a control."
In the excitement I had been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to use the police and in the process.
There was a line behind how in this country there is no ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that a dream would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, I had not only turned it, but I had sent it to the cut.
They spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and felt really overwhelmed.
I went to the car at the keyboard.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got down the car. I walked to the dive.
I was walking up the stairs when I found a older black man -- it was the conference of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a business." He said, "Is you a back? I said yes.
So I approached and opened up.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was amazing.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience.
When I come in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this passionate motion?
I said, "Be Sir. I went to me. And we started discussing it.
People started coming up. They were all infected.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with the political prosecutors and the adaptations of the streams.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all angry because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the tree of the eye I was able to see the realization that I was going and came from.
I looked at the window, and he was forced to hear all that scream.
He kept walking down and over there.
Finally, this old black of concern -- I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge said a recession.
During the rest of the algorithm was shown because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Let's say, "What do you do in the set of audiences?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view in the goal with a measure."
I have come here today to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it spreads into justice.
That we can't really be fully humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and discovering.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be applied to the and the and compassion of traditions, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with a measure.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a evidence of the audience, this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BG: There are several nearby opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there's going to be a region that is going to be done in which a effort will be done to redirect the funds that are spent today in copies of punishment.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of hospitals don't include in arrested.
55 percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are defined to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those of you who think it is?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime crime has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in massive incarceration in this country is not for violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the circular population.
And we let the punishment of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by the small crimes against property instead of making them turn those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bronden, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats through Bin Laden's death.
Chapter 2: famine in Somalia, Router 3: The police draws pepper gas.
Announcer: Paradox 4: Paradox 5: Player 5: Good fishers.
Rich 6: Social School, Robert 7, 65 dead.
Chapter 8: Al of a tsunami and Town 9: Conflicts.
Several courses: War to the narrative. massive destruction.
Recentle. Bank. Russia.
crisis. death. Detaine.
Oh, my God.
Peter Dianistis: These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months -- and they could barely be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media means prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses have a lot more data than the brain probably can happen.
And as nothing is more important to survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient piece of temporal lobe called the looking limit.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
And the order and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old rule of the press, "If there's blood -- you sell it, it's very true.
And because all the digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are shared.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes from bad at worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe, what really happens is that we get distortion of it.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings, we are very good at figuring out the problems and, in the long run, we ended up with them.
We move it up in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life is more than doubled -- average average income per inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenne that the world's literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators -- mobile phones, and cars and cars and cars.
The sea mammals of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and, finally, their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 9.7 years.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad time, in war and peace, in recession and depression and announce.
It's the result of fast computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's labeled in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, unlike Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell us today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Australia called infinite computation, sensors and networks, the robotics and 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines, and food and the digital medicine and the DNA and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw victory in South San San San DNA?
It was a pile.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I would have.
And I loved this: "And "Stop sells to human eyes."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
Play with the maps of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Synamon Monor.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have been surrounded by a second.
We can point out a tens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single one of the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and become abundant again.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nano 29 in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simi.
The troops of Nano ate with silver covers and the same Stephen, with gold coats.
But the king of Simi, ate with aluminum conferences.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's more than gold and plant.
So the tip of the memorial to Washington is a aluminum of light.
You see, even though aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as a pure metal of it.
It's bound by oxygen and soldiers.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as a description.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet killed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
You get to the Earth 16 organizations every 18 minutes.
It's not about scale, but of access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the group of the generated one -- 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the U.S. sunny parts -- solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Dare pointed up the Voyager spacecraft. Voyager to the Earth, in 1990, after the country went on South."
I took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A plastic dot blue."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for half the water of the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nations.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the bit -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Linus -- maybe you know -- it's the size of a small book.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water from any source water -- water water, a blood -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a driven innovation for this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world at the end of 2013.
Think about it, that massive war has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communication that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS videos, individual, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they detect and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when you get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Common Foundation, something called the X X Prize County, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A, they can have a break of blood blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent, and there's a number of a number of health workers.
When this device sequence a DNA virus or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the health and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the greatest force of producing a world of abundance world.
I call it the one billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you go to the global conversation.
What would these people want these people?
What are you going to do? What would you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will cause more health because of the Report of a better education with the Kantari Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computer computing will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive men?
How about a few voices never before age?
What if we give them the oppositions, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
And if you are contributions that we can't do?
One thing I learned with the X X is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only be done with great corporations and governments alone.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that perhaps some of you know.
It's called London.
He came at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people went out and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by putting proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the investment of the market.
We have the capital of the subtle.
And we have three billion new minds that will be added to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The current point of the side.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1886.
Maybe they think you can chase pigs, but it wasn't like this.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very common."
It was the best.
It took it very much to the 1880s in the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get sick.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The land was surrounded by poor, and as you can see, from a few managers.
There were about 20 inches -- the black bar clay.
And the fish of this hospital was very abundant and went for a good time, so he was earning more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half.
They killed the five centimeters away.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of air fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, started in the 1960s -- Europe started a lot of development projects.
The fishing development used to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fisheries.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Much Four Machine.
I went out fishing in it, and we did studies in the south of the Marine Sea, and especially in the Arab Sea.
What we captured was an amazing thing.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spaces, other animals that are on the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on the rest of the rest that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very quick.
In one year, you do a study and then start commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid background in this case, to be a land.
This is a dead death.
They didn't eat them. They loved them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't still hosting.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain mountain is what the fishermen pick up every time you go to a zone where you have never fish.
But it's not a document.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the point of party, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, amount of raising, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the simple thing forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of changes.
And at the end of the end to keep a few of these mistakes.
And that, very much -- we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant before you get extinct, it's little record.
You don't lose an amazing animals.
You lose animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a send sea of big fish.
They become little stranger because we pasted them.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, like captain such and so many fish in this area can not be used, or usually don't use the science scientists, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in the rating societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually get the past.
We get the past that people can't conceive because the score point has gone out and it's highly low.
That's for people that you can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point of partner.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think there are the arts and cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bake Bay simulation.
A long time ago there were gray whales in the Bay Bay base, 500 years ago.
And you may have noticed that males and personalities are like to go away."
And if you think about "Ah and if you think about what people were moving with the movie -- without talking about the story of Charles, why would you move with images?
Because it works something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is to Saman, do "Adam Air underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alan -- the temperature of YouTube states, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So we're going to see why videos make viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- cases, stopping -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a subset.
More than 48 hours of YouTube video per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage becomes viral -- you receive vision of vision and cognitive management win.
How does that happen?
Three things: treatment creators and surprise communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Berlin Vancouver: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Hawking, wonder."
KA: Last year, Berlin Valley published this video in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the past summer.
Bernard doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Montage Mountain Berman.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kenya.
Jimmy Kevin published this tweets that would blow the video to the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kenya presents us new and interesting things to a broader audience.
Remarkable Bali:  It's Friday -- you have to start the weekend.   Everybody wants to get the end of the week, the weekend of week.   You see, you see -- starting the Friday --  KA: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Lead Bay "Lear is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "The "A "Father diabetes: this video seemed to have arisen from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday path?
Well, I took it Tom and lots of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Baller, from Story Science Testime, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends are adopting a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paths of Vietnam on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the standard entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- the phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"Now "God Carter is a repetitive animation.
So that's it. That's it.
This year was seen about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a version of three hours that you've seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was remotely removed.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international afterwards.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Cold Divos or Red Bay or "God Day?
What a script might have written to contemplating this situation?
In a world where two days of video go up two days of video per minute, only that truly unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the mountains in New York, I admit that I don't get interested in too much.
Casey News: I was upset by not circular by the bird, but often there are obstacles that prevent you close to the bit properly.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nations made that five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berlin Venisles: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creators of trends -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected -- are features of a new type of media, of a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity as well.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Benegal started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of the owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still dying.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communist comes into Savann, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, are now going to do it.
It became the silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to reach up, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the leave of letting us stop at the sea.
My mother, Mala, had only 18 years when his father died, and a conditional marriage and two small girls.
For her, life was destined to a single task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her who couldn't do it.
And after a four-year spend that defies the fiction, a boat goes down to the sea disguised of fishing ship.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were the paintings, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a jar with poison.
If you were like, first we would take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the property in each wave, and the horizon is vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to go for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men on the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we demonstrate in Moral.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Coloritate, an open-source suburb whose population is composed of immigrants whose population is comprised from immigrants that are completed.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I was, in Kopuna, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the hidden English were exchanging between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT technology of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were substantially, and established an extra inner in English and mathematics, no matter what they should be taken, which was usually new clothes, was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the holes, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare and painful costs about the "looks and some graffiti of the "Stop "Stop: "The "Still" -- go home."
A house home, where?
Something in me was driven.
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying, "I'm going to get them up."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered a nightmare -- all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a stress and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who were not able to do the transition and angry, and slowly and the kids who were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patients.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, relentless with what it demands from myself.
In the other hand, I was all able to be a lot of sense of life, genetically limited by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was a passenger of a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So I read, an anonymous line of Kopuna, was now so read, refugee and social activist and invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses that she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols I didn't know.
I didn't know how to use the conferences.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to give back to the routine and the state of life in a significant suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each one and running asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when she went to the ship.
He had never been an option.
"Do it to me, and you're not what you don't are."
So I talked about juvenile and education and attention to the marginalized and the determines.
And the more I talked about, the more I was able to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved living in the face of the possible.
And although I finished my line, I realized I couldn't stay in a log race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a recent come, new on the scene -- and not just that it's fine, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean to stop the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your property.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world gets married, but not the way we fear it.
You might not have been allowed to have been added very often.
There was an energy there, a postering optimism -- a strange mixture of humility and bravery fly.
So I followed my intuition.
I came up with a small group of people who the motto can't do it was a terrible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, he made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked at the same night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up step.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved out, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Monster was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 it became a consumer of a Mountain whose mother was hitting it.
No support of his husband, he caused a return to the demand and take the cause, and a lot more back caused when he won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, and 1,000 miles in Milky.
I looked through the shot of the shower and saw it on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Kopuna and sat around her air.
We told them stories, and we made sure that we were still with it.
At night a man came and told us that he had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
He asked the man: "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so water?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't suspected."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given those of us who were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have gotten very easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy thing, the right.
Can I give you a purpose in your lives, rising brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast sea that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give him and see it in the wild, I would do it.
Red Benjamin, and also the mother of so is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Raides about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the sterile sky, with the Sufi Stone Alan stop.
We were making a conversation of how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian expression "The Baska!
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we ran the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was a Garden -- the great Indian war, he was supported, and he had a bow and a arrow on the floor, it gets water.
Now we do the same with machines and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot.
It felt a little bit more about it.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a child my grandfather gives me his battle plate roll.
And this technological piece of 50 was for my most magical thing.
It became a double door towards a world full of images, of paintings and nanotagics in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They cool our inspiration.
And so I was thrown to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
illustrate books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
The text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly more more more three.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kenya, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
At several times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean the magicians and diagnosis, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we did with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting me.
So over here, we have to conclude the iPad, to release the fireflies.
And they actually illuminate your path in what the rest of the book.
Another idea that fascinated me in a little girl was that a whole galaxy is in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed in a pocket that I dragged into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows and fight and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book is also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary time.
These are the ones here.
We've all heard of the hands and the neurons, but how many people outside India know their Indian passwords, would you see them?
These poor kids have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and a lot of book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary individual story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up to their P.C. -- they haven't left the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of pales, paintings, stones and crisis.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
This way, you create a digital digital collection that you can then put on the Web.
A boy of London puts a picture of a box and says, "Oh, I saw a gold."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken over.
Within the conservation variants between magic and Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we tried to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad, and the video goes on, and then you actually increase a group of animated diseases that appear on the inside plants in the house.
At one point, the screen is full of leaves at one point.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and take them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is approaching each other.
We take the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the U.S. University was to go to a listening director of it.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients, family and meant: What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail -- because we stopped listening.
This is my Biology microscope. It's something very simple.
It has a stream and the pick up and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 percent.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect my information to Google Hambler.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that it needs cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Benjamin microscope and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me, Lilia, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little monkey connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able to be able to take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they will recover control and being capital from their own boat, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the costs of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by creating.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in the cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic cars are in Madus.
And also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find food food acids.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked it, but nobody did.
No one knew where to get the DNA saves life right now.
What we did was we made crop in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked it to the audience -- you see a DNA -- please look at it, digital passengers, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app to Layan, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Mathet and someone collective, you can use your iPhone, and then the next weeks use their cell phone to find the nearest DNA to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this one, not just like DNA 4, which is the name of the product, but also like "Wower."
And we want to start it globally.
We're making all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the discrimination of DNA around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA Davids.
They could be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA is shown is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a photograph of the picture?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because when we use the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the posterbal.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start when you press the posterbal.
Fights like this: a building in a very steep road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of research.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of research.
And when I say really resistance I say, "Well remotely.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured somehow as a photograph.
photos that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's got more to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem right?
Are the details or the colors?
Is the light?
What does that create the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It's really in combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic I think they're the ones we don't even think about -- the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that I will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images have these remarks, they were taken to the same height, and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect meeting.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is born.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personally, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas on your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The undersea part was captured in a stone of rock.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it seemed more energy.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning for it.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here each piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a card mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is a analysis that we were doing about the power of the RISD markers versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many other people that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Talk about technology with logarithmic curves is something new.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we write technological curves in the colleague scale?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curves in which we say, these are the years or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to do, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if graph, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a logarithmic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it is a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will go as fast as the program of the programmers, we could be able to take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a growth that every few years forward orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will be one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
To be like this, we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is: what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're engaged in it.
I remember that the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what happened in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel a transformation.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it all will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with lots of chemicals that were floating around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized -- we give us a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, there was some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
They started to divide up.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet forms were.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by a distributed distribution of the chemicals that they get.
So each cat was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow were disabled by being better than time to incorporate the chemical chemicals -- they grew more chemicals and more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some way that we don't understand very well these guys learned how to store information.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 corner of white dust that I try to hide people's security security people.
But it -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and I signed it up 10 to the 21st times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of people for all of them -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a squid would have put it into a virus and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next case?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and they were blown to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that would be formed that in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a syringe.
So they survived or they failed together, or that if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were more likely to be passed up by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came so much that in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart of the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that were not doing more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So one organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit, because I knew the last time I ate it wrong.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures dramatically accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea.
I'm sitting here by emitting a bunch of trains, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that saved some analogy with mine.
But we take a very complicated thing that we become sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started doing an antibiotics.
We now go through similar periods to mobile organisms -- we abstract our research methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. tape, the video tape, the GDP: the science mechanisms we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in metronics.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which it produced a certain evolution with the program the U.S. in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following, language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next ones like electronics, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is restored, I guess a standard is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is restantly.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent medical advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in conventional ways.
I don't know that every transistor in that building machine.
There are billions of millions.
Instead, with the designers of Big Mathets, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that was previously not possible, it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the metronics.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve.
We say, "Please, you can run a hundred million sequence sequences in the air?
Could you run these sequences of instructions by random, to run all those programs, and take those who are more about what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to fix numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to deal with numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, he could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "China, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task better?
We take those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are better in terms of numbers.
And we go back to reproduce it following a process of the concept of the sex of the sex."
We take two programs, which are making children, who are exchanging soliders, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process.
It captures again.
It introduced some mutations.
And I'm trying to try new and play with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they make the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
Once I was in a 1470s with Martin Michael and pull a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel a silk sense?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand from all the choices that exist.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
But it is removed.
The thing is getting faster, and that's why I think it looks so confusing as well.
Because all these technologies are restantly.
We're going on.
And we are at a time analogous to the mobile organisms when they become mobile carbon.
We are the ants and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've gotten enough time to allow me to get part of my false press on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the World Service.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about going out "Bears the rules and talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 -- a band that is battle beat.
That means that the balloon based on the basis of the stage -- three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the game field without being attacked, and that anyone who's trying to launch it at the first base, not coming in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300 train in the Great Line?
Well, really, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball bank.
By the way, that's somebody who has 10 hits -- it takes four.
Leadership -- like the Led Hillis Diana, the last player of the Middle Million Last Linguist player over 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have a response and they are derived to a surgeon that has a court of 400 in a signal.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a place and a wanted to be loved with two correlation coral arteries and his family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in analysis is 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's actually improving this year.
And their assets have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you."
What do you think should be the average of your heart surgeon, or orthopedic surgeon, from a nurse or a classic coast?
So, very good.
And the truth of matter is that no one in all medicine knows the choices of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a paradox.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include me, with the building of being perfect.
That never, they have a mistake and you think about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical medicine.
I was a complex compassionate student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Glarren studied until a blood test.
So that.
I studied in my little stranger, in the head of nurses of the General North Terrain in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and muscle work, the radiation of every artery that comes out of the sea, the differential diagnostic and the non-state diagnosis.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney pulley routes.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you come from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I would join the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Miss Dragon.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady.
At the time I was assigned at the marketing service.
And when I refused to get to a cardiologist I was brought to that patient.
And I'm going to inform residents of residents to it.
When I saw Mrs. Derekmates was a shot.
I heard a sound solver.
And when I disappeared, I heard a sound that was burned on both sides, which was an astronomical cardiac failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of buying blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to decrease.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
I gave it a support and a medication to relieve the pressure in his heart.
I gave him different water pills so that I could eliminate liquid liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I got the first mistake -- I sent it to her house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent it home to her house without talking to the chief boss of resident to him.
I didn't get the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and build it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to take complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility -- that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Gender, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so sick that I asked the nurse that he was looking at Mr. Dragon Sart, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?"
And the nurse thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance next to the paralysters took it to their house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad appreciation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service at home.
And there another nurse, not the one I heard about Mr. Dragon before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors matter.
Other specialists also fear too, but there is an international participation, and is that we see the patients are freely free.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient that sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
On the Cape of an hour to come home to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called at 1941, the drugs brought it to emergency with an art pressure from 50 meters of Homo, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and he was blue.
The emergency staff described all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the artificial pressure.
And they put a artificial separation.
I was considered and supported to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and he hoped against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
It had a terrible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they signed up to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Mrs. Mrs.
They say that they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was amazed for that, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and felt alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never get that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at within.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was that we were wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure it shots things and make sure that they don't get me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send her home at his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so stuff?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little at the time that feeling was discovering.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself where if I was reflecting the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes -- I would make those voices up.
And so it was.
And I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and pulled up.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little bit painful.
He wrote it penicillin and sent him to her house.
But as he went to the door he kept pointing up his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my computer change, my grandmother asked me to speak with me in his office.
And then the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that he saw by a pain in the grandmother?
Well, he came back and didn't have a strategic farmer.
He had a potentially deadly effect called the chests.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He was fortunately, he didn't get wrong.
It was administrating by antibiotics and it will recover a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and red, then I went back and went back to work, until it happened over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same set of urgency.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it spreads to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a declare.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a roof of kidneys, but it turned out normal, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered liquid to remove and asked my colleague to check it.
I checked it and noticed a certain sensitivity in the lower right, called the surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was string down.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a picture.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just shame and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vehicle that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I show you this so that they don't share the same design?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a talk in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions that are two positions and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have the results and the ones that have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies who begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we approach medicine to people who make mistakes, we will take a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of distribution and medical journalism, I have made a personal study of bad medical policy and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the October Star to my program, "Charge Coke, Baby Art Golden Golden: black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are national people.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every single day, where one in 10 drugs failing in hospital are wrong, or the determines is not correct. In a system where the anti-cost infections are increasingly more and more numerous and causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian per medical errors.
The U.S. Institute has established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about rare substances, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is doubling every two or three years, and we don't get involved.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest in the chest, and it comes with long eyes and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story gets away from me.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't claim their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not left anybody.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious things?
In my program, "Detaine -- black art, it's a habit to say, "This is my worst stream -- this is my worst stream -- I would tell everybody, from the doctors to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst street: blah, blah, blah blah blah blah -- "What are your dreams? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and grab out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same stream."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a reflective medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The refined physician is human, you know it -- and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it will be effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of treating them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they become mistakes at the time.
My name is Brian Google.
I'm a reference doctor.
I'm a human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I'm going to strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions take a day anybody?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey of more than 2,000 people and the average number of choices that say to choose a average American American. It's about 70 to the day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of entrepreneurs of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were described by these executives and the time they worked in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that in average, they did 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many means.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of an hour in a hour?
How do you raise the way that you handle those decisions.
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today, choosing to the options of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a pigeon.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the conference of the concept?
Thank you.
By being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was looking at this very, very high surface, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Derek Dead.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and wine, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of a bottled water, and this was when we take water from the faucet, and this was when we took water.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked myself, why never bought nothing?
This is the state oil oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from a thousand trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Do this strategy make all these societies?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the memory.
It sticks up.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there of six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop testing the member?
More people stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market shoe.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Those of you who stopped when there was 24 when there was 24, only three percent came to buy a member of it.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent of the market.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a millimeter probably makes us -- the less it's good to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of our choices overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study I did with Guilt Hubble, Warner Kevin and Bernie Kang, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in terms of savings for retirement.
And we found out that there was actually a correlation that actually did.
We had 650 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funding funds, there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two fund, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were encouraged to avoid actions or hedge funds.
In the way there would be more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial bank accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfying -- even though they're objectively going better.
The main reason is that we are going to be able to look at that gigantic variety of most biomass, mustard and very memory, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibition of it.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we have trial, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Corting.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Carrier."
They worry about losing space in the analyze.
But actually, what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange reduce choices -- there will be an increase in the sales.
When Proton & Gamble went from 26 different types of Hallow and Hollywood to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Chinese Cameron Corporation. The products for cats that are less sold -- they increased the uses in 87 percent, by two causes, bigger sales and lower cost.
You know that today's supermarkets.
In a store of Walmart is offered about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alan and offers only 140 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce signal.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is the projection of David Lab, the Harvard program.
All employees in Harvard are automatically trained to a security fund of life.
The people who really want to choose, are offered 20 fund, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important surveillance."
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you can't do their children."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gard.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience with a lot of vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the third of Garage.
(And posts. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the deal.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, which in the second round -- but I can go through and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of options, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid -- very concrete, very concrete, very concept.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit, than when you use cash area?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Loo Bangalore and Santa President, about GDP person -- they were working in English -- these people were in a meeting where they were all dead on a plan 404.
At that meeting that we were looking at exactly as we used to, we made a little administration.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the 20 and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is to a catch.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Suni supermarkets along the side of the night, the magazine exhibit can contain from 310 different types to 66.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to address it.
These are two trials of laws.
One is called "A "Law and the other, "Stephen and the other.
If you think that the one on the left is Synam, and the one on the right is James, give a pigeon.
(And plate." Well, there's some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Synamo, you get a pigeon.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Synamo. But you know something?
This platform of planning is completely useless.
So the categories have to indicate something to whom you choose, not to the define of it.
You often see this problem with these huge funds.
Who are they information?
My fourth category: I will drive complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German carbon manufacturer.
You have to take 60 decisions, to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, external color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Moral box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that the decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How much you are.
If you go through the button for a defect in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or not, we are losing them.
We find that the ones who are going from many options at the time, they take the button for it over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented in.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Although you choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner district, all of us would prepare to choice.
We are excited about a product that we're building now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the concept of the choice: Correction, eliminating strange alternatives -- consumer, make it real. Please, we can handle more categories with less choices -- driving complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help drive the alternatives or better for you, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving them.
I think that the key to getting the best of an election is being careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine had to register it to the government.
You had to register an example of an example written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a desk with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think someone could do this, so much that would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color laser from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some printed yellow dots on each page that will follow a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to hold a lot of way through this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can grab the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the planets.
Like Mr. Minister of the city of Kenya, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the training to make a lot of money, lots of lots of things.
There are really many cases of military online, males who make money with their attacks.
This is Lamine State, from Turkey, State.
This is Alfred Force.
This is Stephen California.
This is Bronx Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson, Talk Australian: etc., etc.
These guys are doing their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media using banking teachers to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam, Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen frozen.
Mr. Japan is held out of the steep -- you know his stop.
And I say today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad at worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate them the reserves.
The groups like Anonymous have failed in the last 12 months by taking a paper in the online attacks.
Those are the three main shorts, the criminals that do it for money, the gas as Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is the national states the governments they want.
And then we see cases like the Discovery of Discovery.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
So a school is a democracy of the Machi country or actually it was.
It will declare the last fall, because of a comet.
They did the safety of the site and they lost a screen.
Last week, I asked myself, in a meeting with representatives of Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were fighting the death of people because of the attack to Discovery.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die from a attack of this?
So spirit is a democratic authority.
They sell certificate.
What are the certain declines?
Well, you need if you have a website with the tons, and the set of services like Galify like Galify.
Except that they will intercept a foreign destruction authority.
And they emit the crime certificate.
And in the case of Discovery happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters announced the secret of secret police police in April 2011, and during the dawn of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this catalyst titled "Behringus."
And within that card there were notes from a company in Germany that had been sold by the Egyptian government tool to intercept great scale communications communications communications communications.
They had sold this tool by 280 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company of the company is right here.
But the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago was found the teacher County -- a transition used by government government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it's going further.
It will intercept the Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the teaching to infect our computer with a transition to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to the arguments online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy doesn't tell you.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we go back today, will be forever.
Will we rely on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, on the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National National Park does not have close to the majority of the South, which means that wild animals like babies migrate outside the park.
And predators, like lions follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead really bad because it was the only owner we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to scare them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and also bother with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A boy in my community, from six to nine years, is responsible from the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve, because I even helped lions to see the stage of far.
I didn't get up. He kept me.
A second idea was to use a spine.
I was trying to get the lions to believe it was near the state.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the passenger, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this stuff doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and kill animals.
So one night was walking around the stable with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would think and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken literature.
I tried everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the computer box makes the lights go.
As you can see, the hairs go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights show and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
And I put them up. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed it in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like stories, leave, and also being used to test elephants of farms.
Thank you to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Robin International Rainforest, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funds and connection.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the pages of the savanna passing the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it comes up.
I used to hate lions. But now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
The sound in my language means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Earth: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RD: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence, CA: A clothes?
RS: I know you already invented electric fence, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I tried it once, right? RM: I've tried it before, but stopped because I got a wire --  CA: At the foot of the Canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate at every step that you know, friend.
Thank you very much. RM: Thank you very much.
When I was a little kid, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I didn't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Sunia story, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemy.
Although I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from the colleague of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're prepared to die."
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at the face of her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge drag from North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating passion, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cortex, all of my around was completely at night except at night except for sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Ross River, which serves from limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very short at certain points, allowing the Koreans to cross security.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives to live.
But I just thought I would be separate from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would look like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the night refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was based, and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and they entered me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused to be a nerve, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation one official told another, "This was a fake presentation. She's not northern a normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for asylum.
But many of them can be arrested by the Chinese and proteins.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, normal Americans are captured in China and dedicated to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other nerves haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can go into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to add to South Korea.
And I started again again again again.
In South Korea, it was a much greater challenge of what I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all rights, but in the inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of design.
They even attracted a crisis of identity.
Am I a security or a nerve?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride mine.
Although I adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call in a stream.
North Korean authorities will intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a location outside of the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the road towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family could not speak Chinese, I had to get them to get them -- somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus ride took a week, and almost we were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and absorbed by an official of the Chinese police.
He asked everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I particularly stood up and told him that they were supported people who were active.
He looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the wing of Lands.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Layars.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border publicly.
After paying fears and superman, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Lakes capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in a short distance of the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or mass.
I lost hope.
At that point, or a voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the Catholic car and gave me the rest of money for my family and for other nerve to get them out of prison.
I thank you to all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the newspaper people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown boat symbolizes a new hope for me and for the night village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Norwegian people need.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But getting his freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families and when they went into a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices and labor practice.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are still in contact with family and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I have been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more new new new traders running around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South America.
This is Southern South" stores of light, fast food, fast terrain.
So the cities of the city came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Americans, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  shops, fast food, fast terrain.
Like 27 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Alexander Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their civilization?
I see chairs of commercial wheels and sold sounds as used cars.
I see dolphin centers like Sexuality.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got to be able to drive 45 minutes and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides on.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a fragment farm we call a drug.
It's 45 feet four feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Great Grand, we got together and we started planting our food forest and artificial trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a paid group of the adaptation composed by gardens of all the processing, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up on me on and in short, and they gave me a screen saying that I had to retire my garden, the cartoon was made a court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  And so I was like, "Well, let him go.
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Leone, and I spoke to the connection and one of the members of Green Great, who put a petition in George, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept was even called to say they would go back and love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
LT: It's the city of America with more bad land.
It has 68 miles of barrel land.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's enough enough to plant 750 million plants.
Why does it don't look good like this?
Growing a plant will give about 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my shoulder, when I say to people, crops your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Street.
I grew up there. I grew up there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The flag is my graph, I grow my art.
As a graffiti artist, that set walls down, I fear soils, lands.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my beauty of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do. If you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how astonishing a scanner is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the Earth.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The flag is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a threshold.
Also, you get streets.
I remember a occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like 300 o'clock at night, and they were in my garden, I went out and look very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Look, don't you get people to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't fear you're going to go to regulate."
That's why it's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to remember your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a red shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous -- they shared me about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greats has come to plant maybe 20 dreams.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat colony.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  but if none of this is taught you, if you don't show you how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind what you put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're attacked. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, that doesn't take them nowhere.
With the iteration, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are charged to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington will create.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cups.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of work to the streets of the street, who know the joy, the pride and honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become a collective conservation, teachers, longer lands.
We have to change the script of what's a server.
If you're not a drop, you're not a sensor.
You know, the tools take their page out?
That is your area of choice.
Instead, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs. And having meetings to talk about doing some memory -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with his dance so that we can plant something.
Peace Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience sounds)  (Pattern of the microscope."  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt -- and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, in which it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that's solving.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt cards.
The perfect asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the rating countries in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so the whole water of rain will flow up to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't make water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very harmony, the whole noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has sexually, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the decline? You see that in this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First, a stone, then several more and more and more, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give them your barriers, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create machines with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Machines, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage looks like in this material.
It's a lazy street, as I said, so it's only a little amount of horizon between the stones.
Because of the international, the light light, the success, this disorder, the glue between the shorts, will be able to get old, and if you choose it, you will become a picture and you get off of the shorts.
So if you drive through the road, you will take your slides -- as we saw it here.
So to solve this problem, we think about parking materials.
If we can make this material carry, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean streams, and we can cut the steel line into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to cook -- a machine machine.
The instruction can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the button, the blood flow through these microbes and the rocks will look back back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big feedback machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven, is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Pitts attack, where we had to make a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in roads, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of burden on them, we climbed them together with our action machine and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the power of action to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show you how they play the repair of it.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woke up a morning with the sound of the blood in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed.
"The Taliban were started: I recorded my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan, and they made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I saw myself as a child to escort my older sister that I could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could help us.
Every day, we had a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market of the market so that it seems that we were going to buy.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we beat our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban was saved by a week.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
Are they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were a step, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a lot.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total show of a remote province in Afghanistan insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and that's why his father did.
But my foster mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the technologies, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to remove, but my father said, "Hey, oh my father, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So don't you want not to sit?
I am 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the barrier, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here proud to graduate in Marica Color.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was kicked from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate her.
He's not just my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who I carry it driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global bubble of 1915, a global campaign to educate women.
This is what I cofounded South South South, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like my friends, are advocating for them, to weigh and even in front of a detailed opposition.
Like Land. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from walking from South South South to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice said that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
"Give me now, if you want to say, "But I'm not going to hurt the future of my daughter for his old and struck ideas.
What I've given to you about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us walk, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her its own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key to our success.
In fact, often they're the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't take a lot, after the back of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, they encourage them, I see a primary future and a lasting change.
So for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day the girls of South South are reminded me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I have never forgotten the words of my grandmother that died in the exploitation, "Hey, he resisted Galdile. He struggled against him.
But you never get a resolve that was a static star Rand."
They've spent almost two years since it was the free revolution inspired by the adventured movements of mass revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other linear citizens inside and outside the country to call a day of fruit and start a revolution against the international regime of Gathrier.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the control, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying the cards of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example to be able to get the brutal district of Gathrier.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and save the side.
However, Gardon left a heavy burden -- a legacy of airplane, corruption and stars of alternation.
For four decades, the international regime of Galdility destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
I have been aware of the devastation and the challenges, I wanted, alongside many other women, to rebuild civil society online, requiring an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benging and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Pickup.
After a 36 years of exploration, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about developing capacity, leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Women's platform for peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of the woman and for our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the primary period, an environment that was increasingly politized, which is model of the selfish and exclusive policy models.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 1750 percent of the National Congress.
However, a little bit, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news news.
One day we wake up with the news of the anti-cost mosques and the Sufi storms.
Another day I loved the news of the American Ambassador do and the adult attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the office of the military officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the families and their continued violations.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarized and removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The politics, the except and the wine became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our story of the success of the list of the list of the list of the list of the list of the research of the research of the list and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we chose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The list would replace and the alternative between candidates.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish and subtle policies both for men like women like women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and even even even the values of compassion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election of choice, which just reinforced the polarization and the division of it.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the female more than needing the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agent agent and call it a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mechanics.
We need to develop a female speech, which not only honor but also put the mechanics instead of revenge. The collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately to the end of reaching peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that is about interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creation.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a version of the Koran --      -- it's the word of the members of the message, he goes, "Golden: company."
At the time, the word "Art, which is known in all the and the and the analog traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word Martin -- sex and the female and the male -- that it fits all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the peoples have been sent out.
And so, just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows in inside the divine matrix of nutrients all the same.
This is how we tell us, "My minister loves all the things."
This is how we tell us, "My memory is more about my arrest."
That all of you care about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a sweet question, which has a equally awesome answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody do always, why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who was a paradigm?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no life in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just standing at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and an editor in the journal magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green American short short American and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul -- I was blown on the head with a pile, covered with a rock barrel.
The man, I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "The "Life "Amazon, a psychological trap of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look at a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA at the Book Business Cold.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of "The "Low" list of "Montalad, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bennari and The Washington Pole.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black bubble and I was driving a Monday Hong Renexy.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, every race, all of the religions -- all the relationship levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the mass in the masses are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and independent and long duration or, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why domestic abuse is so disabled.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who would kick him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women of between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples, ethnic and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signs or their patterns.
I met Cyrus in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting at my side in New York subway and started to fight with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he was also going to get rid of the Law Leg University and that worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed to be a boy of the field.
I had a lot of big gas plants like apples and a Greek book and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most smart things that Contrain did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple.
He did it about all the beginning putting on a pressure.
We started to go out and love everything about me, which was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who put passion in helping girls teenage and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Contrary believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that's why the light in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to seduced and to get to the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was walking in a "look love "A love, which was entering a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacted it.
And this is where you go in stage those pilots here.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to be that Court had to feel so sure was bought by three pilots.
One was in the car.
Another one was stopped under the pillow in our bed.
And he said that I needed those pilots because of the trauma that lived in small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pilots actually were a message for me, and although I never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Cyrus happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and he still had the size.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend suit and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me too much.
And I was very, very far.
It had simply been very successful for the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent two times more on our honey.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong on the head that I drank several times against the victim of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- was opened by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Control kept giving me one or twice a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence or act at some point of their life, and the Center of Disease Control control that every year 15 million children are killed, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I'm going back to my question: Why did I get there?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly advantage man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress face their devils to him.
The other question that everybody does is why just not go up?
Why didn't I? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a manager.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in case of domestic violence is after the victim has put ends to the relationship, after they go down, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent act, even after the diver has gone back to have gone down, the money of financial resources, and the family system of family system to defeat the victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend time not sustainable with the man who was paying their mother.
And we still keep asking why it's simply not going?
I was able to be able to go, because of a last paper that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him to be allowed to have been killed if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to the complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to support victims as a special policy, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it like?
For some people it's a way to say "The fault is their for "grasp: as if the victims choose to be able to get us to love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "I was a story of men and women who were also showed, that they learned a remarkable lesson of what happened to them and they gave their lives to life and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became home with a black man and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black bubble, and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to have ever more, ever, is a flying pistol pointing to my head in hands of someone who says he wants me.
At this point, they are just thinking, "Han, that's a stranger -- or "Oh, what is it that this is a stuff -- but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are some people who are listening to me right now, that are being abused or that they were small or that are string themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end up with my crazy love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the malaria to the light talking about it with their kids, their job partners, their friends and family.
They break their vision of survivors like fantastic and cool people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to slow up their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful vessels that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call Cameron Russians and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed that way.  Unfortunately, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of lucky to test it, I think.
If some of the women had been horrified when I showed up, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer said to me that he would raise the back and would take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although the surface and incredible surface has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a single way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a catal was discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a reason, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated on a high and a little figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my reason, which I have known to do to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown in the audience, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say, "Is there a man -- there are Naomi Shitzers, John, Joan Single.
First, happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 647 different models, only 27 -- is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is, can I be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then what really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a computer heart surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still study, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my mind.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the reaction of the American Virgin magazine, or the CEO of MRI, or the next Steven Muslim.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have taken your studies, and you have a curve and you have a game on your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curve said, model of underwear for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are returned.
And yes, virtually all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a book, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how I fight my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a passenger party a few days before the photos for French Virgin.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine Virgi.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creating a group of professionals, sheets, machines, photographers and stages, and all their aid and power people and position, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is, "Do you get free things?
I have too much collection of 20 inches and I never use it, except the day before, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot me to take money, and they gave me the dress for free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a common problem: he jumped up a red star -- and of course they stopped us, and it was a sorry, agent to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege by my respect, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who stood and record -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 black and Latino young young people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of getting up?
But how many times would you stop, and how?
By researching for this talk, I found that at 53 percent of the girls in 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is life from a model?
And I think the answer that they hope is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you'll feel very happy and strong.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brilliant hair, it will be happier.
They only have to meet a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes of the fashion -- but they're probably the most physically interesting women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was most enough enough to take a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more cherished photos, and I wasn't going to get them off.
There were no artistic directors, no stages, no opportunity to repeat pictures -- not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them tourists to random.
My story begins when, I found myself in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Vietnam to New York in a dog trip and keep the rating?
So here is when we started asking the tourist to get us to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera into a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, no one has been hearing with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and making us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets into new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking in, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red soldier of the wrist store that was a little bit of a visit in before.
And he described me what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I said he remembered his heart heart with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So, I want to share the idea of participating in the creation conscious creation.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, not in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to get closer to somebody and ask them, "Did you take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The gloves are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have so bad pressure?
It has also been associated with Disney pink really like mental characters, silly characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the beautiful researcher, really applause and animals -- these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parks don't help prevent disease radiation.
They are hardly going on.   You're far away from extraordinary.  And my favorite, the gloves have better presence.   There are two types of gloves on this planet.
There are the numbers of the New World who are primarily in America, like the consumers and the catches and the bubbles of the Old World -- where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the gloves important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They are our natural trash colors.
They clean the homes up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the nose that they wouldn't be for them to extend and causing huge losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no numbers, the carcasses take three to four times more time to get up, and this has huge relationships on the spread of disease.
The gloves also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
It was the symbol of the protective and the maternity and, along with the coal, they compared the unit between the Atlan and the underneath Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology -- Japan was the number of the guard, and he risked his life to save the Data Six of the 10 heads of the demonstration.
In the Tibetan culture, they are doing a lot of very important entire authors in the open sky in places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead or wood to create them, so these gloves provide a natural food system.
What's the problem with the burning?
We have eight species of gloves in Kenya, which six are at an extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned -- and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and the date. The central communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the gloves are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bushes are in the critical list of endangered endangered physical, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Decembers.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a power.
Since there are no numbers, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the homes of caves, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for article, the number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa, 350 terrorists are going to be on the top of the Audience lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them in half.
These are birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead burnes to serve the brain and the dense market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting the research.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the coasts, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can they help? It can become active -- you can make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very computer creatures, giving up your time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, you will report on the burnings, but talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the burning.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do personally -- my life has been purpose for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1975, until 1977, I work young man, but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Ivory and Somalia, Archive and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we set up in Africa Africa.
And I was provided.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played with it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "One of the Marica: was a project where we were able to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Sammania to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Romb River, and we teach local to grow Italian tomatoes and battles and and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't remember it.  We were amazed that local links, in such fragile Valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  "Just time to save people from the Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa was growing beautiful.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow into this size. In Marine, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the workers: "Look what easy is the profession."
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight in the morning, about 200 and a half hundred appears came from the river and they ate everything.  And we said to the workers: "Oh my God, we put it."
And the workers said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say that? "You never asked it."
I thought we only were the Italians in Africa, but then I saw what Americans were doing, what Americans were doing, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you can see, at least we feed the positions.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste that we treat people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Done "Mutation Murder from Defense Moms, and a former economic economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, developing countries, we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has cause.
Just read his book.
Land from a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are an experiences, and the systems are symbol, and we treat people only in two ways or patients, or we are proposalizes.
The two words come from the Latin paper paradigm, which means "Paradox."
But they mean two different things.
Parkinson's all treated any of a different culture as if they were my sons, "I want a lot of it."
Patrow, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "gap -- a black.
That book gave me a bit of a slap in the face. "The little thing is a beautiful thing: written by Saturn, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be help, the balls alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a stick on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that isn't a new non-state?
I decided at the age of 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Trying Trade Trade where you never started anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what does you do? It shows.
I never come to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the audience.
We don't work from the offices.
We gather in a coffee cafe. We gather in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we ever listen to them, but not community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never stop, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face and you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family family doctor, which is established with you in their house, in the table of their kitchen, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Space, West Australia, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this control junk where we got to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can it do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I fell down and I listened to them,  --  So the government says, "Make it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of support.
Peter Dragon, one of the greatest business stations in history, passed in the 1960s, a few years ago.
Peter Descript was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company."
Plan is the kiss of the death spirit of the corporate spirit.
So now you're reconstructing Cheap without knowing what the most used people in Charles want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them comfort, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help you, and then they will be able to be a mass of it.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a 400,000 community community, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you have gotten more this morning.
This is what you've been clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the spirit spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial formation industrial revolution -- not renewable -- manufacturing, and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture -- we cut, we ended, we transmit, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities, the models?
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 186, this group of people, and they speculate what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was this: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population from New York to the around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to treat.
They were already becoming a stroke.  So in 1860, they were designing this dirty technology that would take New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States there appeared 110 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few -- scales, factories in a separate place.
Detraid, Michigan, Deservie.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them conflicting to you.
In another way, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute thing, dedicated service, antibiotic service.
And then you have to tell you the truth with respect to learn.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell is to be fantastic, you have to tell you with fantastic compassion, and you have to count with a fantastic financial management.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 U.S. companies, Chinese Common, States, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Holly.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was started by one person.
The word "Middle, but the word "You know, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have a facilitator -- who comes from a small business environment sitting in coffee -- in bars next to their dedicated cards who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this scientist, somebody who would ask you, what needs you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look for somebody who is should you?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like a therapy, and little tools and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much would my neighbors pay for their ants?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our passion better?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and soldiers?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant oak trees that give me a shadow of love, radical and superstress from centuries and I trust in a city.
It's always given to music.  There's a discovery in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one of the most beautiful American properties in the United States.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this led me a profound gratitude for the lived time and this one.
It gave me clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I pray to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch for the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant picture and painted on her phrases to come up, before I die I want."
So the inhabitants could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the day after, the wall was ready and he kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by the professor:  Before I died, I want to sit in a short school line of a decline line.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live outside the world."
Before I die, I want to hug it again again."
Before I die, I want to go to the rescue of someone.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was built together and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at the cartoons, destroyed me, and they gave me comfort in hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and school ways -- it's about giving the reflection and the contaction, and remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of civic center, we made a kit and now the walls have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Australia and beyond.
We together demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distances in increase, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that we will prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remorded is 22 years old, and it's very cool.
It doesn't talk about, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love is.
It will be very much like what happens.
It's not a short. It doesn't look at the skin color.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: I've never lied.
When you sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very cool.
It has the most unlikely memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I was stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I went out every single songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I stood in my arm during the first episode of the Testime and the birthday of Lady Garden.
Doesn't it look amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the health concept of society, they're often ignored.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them inside the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: which was extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar the world's term "us: it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual he manifests differently, from there that Red is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and although it's one of the disorders of development that faster rise in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I earned a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He reverse lived and laughed in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in the row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eat anything that would have between the media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the black, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity. There was something really unique, a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice.
So remarkable.
I can't deny that there has been some tough moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Red and Sam and you would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are a drop: Each of us has a gift on its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for the greatness and progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit about what has been to be Alice in the country.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Stephen indeed. Studies of these students with their great minds, their big books and their great words and natural words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the cold hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please tell us with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy.
First question to ask us to answer you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the papers, but they study the tasks, which are the mesh structure of our bones, because it's important to understand and treat the stripped.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
Shame is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as to make them.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of angry and excited with their content.
And when you present their work, forget from the signals of the ball."
You have wondered why they're called bare bare?  What do the bars do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it's supported too much in the language of our brain and improves us.
Instead, this limit of General Brown is a lot more effective, and it shows that the special structure of doodling is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Earth.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- self-all that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described to.
I think these are just some key things that can help us to open the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all the media -- just kidding.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the dictionary of Oxford English is a study of a student."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "any of course means "The destruction policy."
Although there was a newspaper editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "A supply is here to look for a public charge without any matter, platform or primary or beginning, and when he won, it gets it for the mere use of a more reflective verbs monument.
I have no idea what representative means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1975 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the camera camera.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the analysis of Brazil Bangladesh, who confronted the Parliament of it.
They put it into the London of London and turned it off, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end of it had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase "The ball as bad as the metal.
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, just after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that might have been disappointed.
Some of you wanted to call it "The State of State Kings," and others wanted to call it "The Electronic George Kangara: and other designers of the United States villages.
Not very stuck.
Some just wanted to call it Reach."
They thought it was about quality.
And not even with it was monkey, they had the idea that you could be chosen King for a certain term.
And it might have served it.
Everybody has been considered immensely because this debate is played for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor smile, and he always wrote, still with this subject."
What caused the drop and the rate was that the House of representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was going to give him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give the most modest title, more important and more likely that they were going on.
And that title was Progress."
President. They didn't invent the title anymore, but it only meant somebody who has a regulatory store."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term "Cargo or the statement."
There were blood presidents of small colonial developments and government, but it really was an amazing title.
And so the Senate is over.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and met with foreign diagnosis.
"And who will take you in serious with such a ridiculous and significant title as President of the U.S.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't decide.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never ruled the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to keep there, waiting for the Senate in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says a measure is temporary --  -- you might keep waiting for 220 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of America doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads to design, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of flying flying vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have hit the title of grand grade.
So at the end of the sand won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of the silk -- well, it was an incentively single time.
But you know how many nations have now pressure now?
And everything because they want to sound like the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, reality is much more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the piece of Southern bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but especially that cancer of male targets and stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I take a cheap link of light to the head with this analyzing slide, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
I was replaced by my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining of a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell amazing feet in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward, and often, dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only expert in the Pacific Peace Pop.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an anger of Free the Shelfish, a NGOs that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there exists in the world, but not like a grade.
When we ended up talking to me very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this distance of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a stem the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of French the Shelf and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, it would sell dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole treat of relative slave slaves.
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 persons.
However, today you can enslave the entire families for generations for a dollar debt of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disabled.
So slavery exists in most of the world, and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and News, I met the sea breaks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Dead of Paris.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, families wrapped in a heavy herd of dust, and they stack up mechanically bricks in their heads, up to 18 at the time, and they take them from the sea furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They were disabled by the monkey and the bank work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passions to eat, not to drink, and the severe distribution made it from a pretty international base.
So stop the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reveal it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the analogy that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Yes, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to show emotion is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already in.
I had to trust French the Shelf and work within the system for his release, and I trusted that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destruction.
In the Himalayas, I found children running stones for miles from mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down the bottom.
Those big plans were more heavy than children who were charged and children hold them into their heads with cameras made of sticks, ropes and transplants.
It's hard to make something so overwhelming as well.
How can we influence something so inspired, but so supply?
Some don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages would write their freedom, the scans burn up their homes.
When we hear the word slavery we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness that I was very difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katin I was involved by women who had been serious sex slaves.
I was driven by some abstract stairs that were going to this dirty basement of dense light.
It wasn't exactly a barrier.
It was more a restaurant.
Sadly, as you know in the craft, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the scales women -- with their girls and children, some of them just seven years -- are forced to get customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biome and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
From standing in the lobby, I remember making sense of a tremendous adult fear and, at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a step, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no doors.
There were no windows enough to break up.
Those people don't have a scale, and because we play such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It goes on forever, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to with the hand of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were the entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family restaurant.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue sheets and red, of their children.
They mix ink in these large barrels and dip silk into the liquid to the cars, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
We don't have a flower, they said.
"We still wait, however, power from this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in Lake Voice, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older boys, some younger kids, make sense of it?
mistake. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their workforce, and they disappeared and forced to work with extensive analysis in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to me was shining -- it turns out that his little canoe was moving.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trained trees in the lake fly often take networks and children and the strangers and with fear, they throw up the water to unleash the branches.
Many people get away.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee. And like all life has been treated with crazy, it will probably treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they got up the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
On the middle and windy night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're replaced with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kopus.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met him in a shelter where Fire the Shelf the Shelf related to slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
It led to a road in Ghana with some social cards in Ghana with some social cold shoes with his field of suddenly accelerating and shot our car and touched the window.
He asked us to follow it on a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he got us out of the car, and he asked the driver to work quickly.
And then it pointed out that silk just visible, and he said, "This is the way, this is the way. Go!
As we started to go down, we took the ladies that blocked the path and after walking close to an hour -- we found that the path was bound by the recent rains -- so I put the photo team on my head as we stopped in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the single path ended up immediately in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everyone was full of enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold. They walked in innovative waters with memory.
The memory is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were packed in their own dream.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people charge heavy stone bags that will then be transported to another area where they will kill the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and voters but if we look closer to it, the margin we see to work at some less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the market income in a few years.
This is Maurish. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Martin inherited the debt of the uncle what force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the minutes 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be a cleaner.
In addition to that, Mauda has tuberculosis, and not quite a little bit of this is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists like Free the Salaris, and it's this kind of determining, of face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted to know that we will give the testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not of revolutions. They are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, shelter, that I've had the great honor to meet.
And I hope that these images wake up a force in those people you see in people like you, and I hope that that force is getting a fire, and that fire leaves light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math a little math and there's a peculiar problem for those who do it -- we're like management drivers.
Nobody knows what the heck we do.
So today, I'm trying to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They slow us up the victims of the ballet and the clied dancers --  that we'll see more forward.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training -- a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial impacts that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stanford who, at his time, was a virtuous dancing dance.
In the last few years, it has gotten a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with incredible weakness -- fear, religion and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a laser metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could make the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try. You see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Stewart.
This is a video of the violence of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds to speak -- we can imagine like dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes, the Palmous Palestine, for example.
And like the ballet requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of running temperature from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice, weakness and religion.
The speech becomes more quiet and sports after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both are not researcher.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both price. Well, but also the evidence based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be a car.
They are very quickly, they're about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something is going to take a cost as low as a massive cost.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine concept.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive resource low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, you check up a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first broken blogs of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Academy of Parkinson's Review.
Together to August and Pennshala, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to get out of these shows?
Max Letter: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit the confusion factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Also, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is what you embrace the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Nor and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Louis, public molecule.
MR: Thank you, I did.
Before March 2011, 2011, I did photographic projects in New York City.
We are private creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually avoid solar light.
We do the thin models even more thin -- the perfect skin still more perfect we do the impossible, possible and controlled in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Venters, he was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Audience.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the park of a 100 people, one of the first towns affected by the wave.
The water level has reached over 24 feet of height, and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was string.
We took rubble colors and the sharks.
We cleaned schools. We take the slime and leave the houses to be reduced and reciped.
We take tons and tons of dead fish -- support, power of the local factory.
We were excited and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards and cards.
They all did the same thing.
You can pick them up and take them to different places of people around them to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that those people had suffering.
As they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a center of the village approach.
He helped clean the carbon balls the enormous, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of the export is collected the photos.
There I had them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I'm going to pass my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years ago they were still on the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a research how to fix that rate and repair that park and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started playing the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too stripped, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to be able to fix a lot of precision and happiness.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strategy photo.
Over the course of time, they got more photos, and they needed more restores, so I entered Facebook and 15 days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In the course of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join us.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring village in northern Canada.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographic library that had been installed -- where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending of the perfect picture.
It could be an hour. It could be a week.
It could be a month.
This monkey had to draw much by hand using the areas that color and detail had no destroyed water.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all of these strong pictures in salt water, covered bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that in the course of time continues to destroy them, so cleaning it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner owner.
We had luck with the cleaning by hand.
We count with the guide of a remarkable neighbors.
It's very easy to harm the pictures already down.
As I once said, King, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
I had started cleaning it up, but he stopped to realize that he was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and play the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a stress station between the very far away from where her house used to be his house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the corner of closing the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the windows were sold.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day I handed her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could remember from the past that he would not have been beaten by that sea day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there Hans hundreds of them helped us clean more than 13,000 photographs the vast majority -- the vast majority of them came back to hand from their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred families of totally restrictions and restored.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in texture for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved it.
They are guard of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would look for.
This is what the project was, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the researchers.
Some of them connected to something bigger with something bigger to do something, using their talents for something that are not thin thin skin models.
To end up to read this email email -- I sent him City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was returned, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, and my daughter was born, hang out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doug Joes inspired us amazing and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single billion second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion dollars per second.
I present to you a new type of photography, the memory, a new technique so fast that it can create video in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser port, and I understand it and put it into a bit of a second or so, in several seconds to create a picture of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that ball, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
So if we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this boat?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   Remember that all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research.  So there's a lot of things in this movie, to lift this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and it starts to disappear.
Part of the light came together, goes to the table, and we started seeing these automatics.
Many of the photos finally come to the layer and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the upper part of the bottle, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the challenges concentrate in.
Now, if we take a common and coherent bullet and we make it look at the same distance and we see it in slow camera for about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would take us feel that movie see?
One day? A week? In fact, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a motion.
And what about trying to do with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, of a mathematics at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you'll notice that, as the light gets out of the tomato -- it goes bright -- it's not disabled.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light light on its inside and it comes back to come back after several trillion billions.
In the future, when this memory is in your mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you will just get some light.
We sent that ball, that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very strong synchronize and we took those gigabytes of data, and we compared them to create those messages that I showed you.
We can take all of those data into crude and process them differently.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Remember, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light regulations.
It's not science fiction. We already built it.
On the left, it's our memory.
Behind the wall there is a train and we'll bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Community.
And a small fraction of photos will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our matrix, has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what the point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a photo in clay, you see on the screen, it doesn't really have any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like that, tens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple lights of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's on the curve of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build citizens able to see the inside of the body running resources, and the same for the cards.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite hard, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about the memory as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as Doug Patros, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of a unit of the units of the unit.
I realized that all of the diversity of data that we collected every time are not just scientific visions, but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It creates a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here also something fun.
If you look at the waves under the stop, these are moving from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. So Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
And by applying a corresponding difference of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it up to Saudi and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to this town.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were waiting for a change.
This is the state of 1989, imagine if all these people come together that they protest in search of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who are you present to have a cell phone here?
Get it.
Raise your mobile phone, get them up.
Get it. A Andrew, a Blank, guy.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 83 lines of information.
In the barrier.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the Commission of the E.U. -- I presented a direction.
The Defense Research Act.
This distinction says that every single telephone company, every Internet Internet in all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who he calls who sends a email to who he sends to.
Who sends a text to who you want.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet program.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data for data.
We want the automation in the digital age, and we don't want the phone Internet to get all this information about us.
There was lawyers, states, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to Berlin streets and said, "Fundiguation, not the number."
And some even said that this would be the State 2.0 stage.
The State was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, School Holly, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asking him, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah at all.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're practicing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But School Times said no, we'll not give you this information.
At the end, we signed a agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Army passed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly street on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Territory and 5,000 tours of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scientist, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data performance means.
So, along to Zero Link and Paris City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to Poland, and what often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who gives you a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who he participated in this protest, and if the State had known who were the leaders, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin maybe never happened.
And, in fact, neither of the Earth's Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the malnutrition and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they come home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not fashion past.
When you go home, tell your representatives that only because businesses and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you to remember that you have to fight for the auditorium in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call Masheld Zape and I'm not ended, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions -- I was passing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I think all the time.
Look at it.
It's a cat. I'm like a microscope of Alberton.
And Mondow Al Al Attack.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not consumer and it can be told.
No one was working my mother and I didn't find it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just happens for accidents, like the one that happened to me as a birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of you in the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
They are in the mall of Christmas -- they're in the shopping center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little distance?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
There will be a pipe of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a mobile, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Christian, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same prices.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
My father's mantra was, "You can make it dance the sand blow.
If my three older sisters.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents left the school system, and they made sure that I was also going out, and if we didn't get all the maximum note, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five putting my streets on their feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to follow it.
The shortage that I carry in was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a poverty camp that has received lots of blocks.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs now, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't angles.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using "Oh "Oh "Moment to the Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the road.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to get away from dawn to the dawn is very easy.
Balleon stop in Broadway, Bay.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with colonies, or I can walk with colonies.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using colonies, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jerish, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we became Manhattan.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to get married, so I drank my pig milk, I was wearing hot cups on the back, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and thought, "Oh, working work."
But the miracle cure was the game.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I did yoga was a stop store that I couldn't stand on a foot of my feet.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the U.S. University of the state of Arizona, because I went in all the points.
It was like the humble straw of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the task of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the whole zoo of my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the America decided to do a work called Balleon very slow in Jacks.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy, right?
I was a girl with brain paralys.
So I started shouting at four vehicles, "I just got a paper."
I have brain paradigms.
At the end of the end?
Thanks to God as well as I'm a powerful."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Jerry Brown.
I went to compete on the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking him why and she told me that because they believed that you couldn't do the risk scene.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk, I can't do the personality.
It was a paper that he literally was born and gave it to an actress with no brain paralys.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a waste story of helping actors without disability for disabled paper.
When I went home, I went home, and my first artificial tour was like an extra on a telescope.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a company of company to better friend in a support.
Instead, I stayed there as a drop, didn't see me more than the new one, and it was obvious to me that the reports didn't hire ridiculous actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at John Google, Rose Barry, Alice, and all these women had one thing in common: they were stopping.
So I became a stranger.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic comic that he took when I fell in the realization that I was going high speed by the New Jersey highway, with a driver that had brain parasites.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censorship and no weight.
Some people say I'm the world's first mental world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my sister of another mother and father, Dean Walking, and I launched the New York City Festival Freedom in New York now, in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the American in the media and at the same time to remind you to control directors that sound and Arabic are not sensitive.
The Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the news program by cable Cooking behind Keith Burger.
I came up as if I went to a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Courage, can you give me another signal?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were in virtual."
So I would cling to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the sign, and when I finished the interview, I was ready.
And I finally had my opportunity and I discovered it. I knew they wouldn't get me again.
But not only Mr. Turn back to inviting me, but I was left as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Guinea was that people on the Internet are a color.
It's said that children are crops, but they never laughed at me or a girl or a child.
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became an object object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why do you see them?
"Is it a baseball?
And my favorite, poor beast foreign.
What disease does it have?
We really should hear for it."
A company suggested even that I would add my disability to my curve, she suggests, and comedian a lot.
The disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't do Behaviolith -- then Korean can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clap -- man. Go.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most ubiquitous in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday lives.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My husband has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet of the leg of the Tiline Towel And the Bunk London Burner.
I got to act on a film with Adam Santa and working with my bedroom, incredible Dave Mathetter.
The world is reaching the world "The Arabs have become color."
I was stopped in representative of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded "The kids from Mashali: a charity organization to give kids a little Palestinian refugee of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and he gave him this talk to her memory.
It was painted by peace.
I call it Mashold Zapel, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town south in the South South.
This town is close to Mandela.
The drought substance to the small town to poverty and the edge of the individual.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Massachuse, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the States of Mexico.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day he gets a little bit about a gentleman who offered him to take her to lunch it, after dinner to heat.
It knows a dynamic group of people, who gives you a break.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present a young lady.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Microsoft, under a blue sky, is a bomb car.
That little boy of that little village with dreams was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al Stage, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how about a story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him in a way?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came in.
This was the first thing that came out of what we call "the Perman period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the partners, the young urban urban people who are stopping riots in Johannesburg. They have destroyed riots in London, which are looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the city, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "Powerful poetry: the leadership of the words, to violence, to violence, to the offices, will be the history of cities.
And in my birth, I said, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mashali last month, and I went to visit the Manistan hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember standing at that hospital that I did to bathrooms thinking, and if I would never have gone with?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same period of a spot?
Would I have become a barriers?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Research that month was actually to embrace some juvenile leaders in a corporate image.
It goes down to about 90 simple juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mexico, graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college -- a device, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to me.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Home, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And then he saw an opportunity and take it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It began to rent motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of maps over the next three years.
Why is this different story?
What makes this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "Power of the word."
The young people will be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as well.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Monkey, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people at the top of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first frame that Michael has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding board, we were from plastic sent from abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you see a fresh flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a project of landscape and floral design.
He created a farm in the outskirts of Mexico, and he started growing new neuroscience and lines, which he said, could survive the harsh weather of Mexico.
And it started the delivery of flowers for boats, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of HIV in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Higgs in Homosphook.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact about them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a force of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They had business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and creating a business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, send them the support they need to move from conception.
For me, the business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Manhattan is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park -- this is how you call it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
And then he hired children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the chance to escape from the paraly point of the word period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and consume and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than you are bomber and "Providulous."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to partner with my dad in the Amazon mountains, an area to the north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest was shorted.
The sun made the leaves glow like a violent, and not to be on the way we followed, almost we can pretend that we were the first human beings to go through that land.
We came to our camp.
It was a shed in a road with sight to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a card, from about four square meters with apples of apple blocks -- aluminum balls and old capital.
And I was an announce, and I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The pills who were too lazy to get what they had been, who thought it was going to clean their base?
That question followed with me, and it became a little bit.
Who clean our short?
No matter how you organize or where you put the own one, who clean our trash in South State?"
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean up our garbage -- about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that job.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that cart?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their journey and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage color.
Now not just traveling in the trucks. I drove them.
And I was operating the mechanics and the snow of the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as dominant as you think, and in the days that it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept using the weight of taking over their body tons of trash every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of the Public Statistics, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous capacities in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and go through around you.
They just want to be passed, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the basic of garbage.
When you get out of the continent and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste collecting is the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health teachers.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to collapse from its container and your inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the economy of economics start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just to solve its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed need.
And I mean just the speed of the speed that we used to move into the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair or clean or lead to us our coffee cup -- our battle of the sharks, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will be done from it.
So today, I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and apply them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your work, I think, is almost a driven.
They're in the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, of our own waste, our destroys, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the record of a waste collection truck in the street, grabbed my little boy and went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycled journey as he did all the microscopes.
And I tried to thank you for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just sit down, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be OK."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reimagine the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the human cost really real the human cost.
Mobile waste, what we think about when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the waste of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and their lives, the next one you see to someone whose work is clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you very much.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several stories in Ethiopia, Adam Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of correct.
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to rescue it.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystal revolution generates heat in the interior, so it's necessary a lot of cooling it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And thirdly, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia.
It's a panel trying to be a place as rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really controlled with the ancient market that is this free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every single day to small sensors.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by applying the site, which is located in a very much growth of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, including all the inputs of the building.
And this is extends with an adult adult that creates an air space space in the building that is protected, in its own way, of sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a fire of mine with parks to allow the air input to allow me to go into the air, but in a leaked way.
Then we were inspired in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the expos.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the cook.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are leaving the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is completely filled with these little colored crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
So with these ideas it didn't make it easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we ask."
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market was a lot more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have access to it.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting up photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these spots on the roof, which in the aggregate, collect water for the suburbs of the inside.
It's expected for early early years, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so large, the biggest thing that I designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a thousand years of a several years old that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by some almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 major blocks in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors connected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we took a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for the panels.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the bottom plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like representing the community occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and save and make activities like running a race of two kilometers a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had large amounts of hair very bright and a little grade story, cute -- it was super strong for the capital of the states, very good for photography.
I ended up that year and I was full of calculations, until I brought my sinister plan.
I took a day after the school came out of my school. It was a little afternoon, and I hid on the bathroom of girls.
When the cost was a shot, I went out in the classroom, I took off the table of my teacher the book of calls.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of them --  And I went back to return the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put it to all of you and myself a row of it, just for being there, because I could ...
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was desperately obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was happy for the reason that I was bothered that this little boy, so small, it was so good for photography.
I was intrigued by the clients.
They're so mysterious and so defensive.
We know that babies suffer from colonies.
The primary birds are also very proud.
We know that links are the number one cause of outlets in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that supports loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab where the links are in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no keys, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Hello in the end, and there would be no "The "World."
I wouldn't have red black king or "A 14th and a night."
There would be no Stages.
They would disappear the reading list reading lists because we would be losing "The Russia and the Russia, there would be no "The Golden and "The Russian: there would be no "The Mark "Law and "And "Long Kanza."
Without clients, there is no Protons. I know it's fashionable to say that Proton has the answers for everything, and in terms of the clips, almost it has all of them.
This year you have 100 years of his masterpiece, "In pursuit of the lost time, the most exhaustive study of sex banks and also ordinary competitive compassion, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proton, we have the actual details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
So we think of a cardiac card in your washing light.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot how easily it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Colo said were as tough as a cat flu.
I don't know what the cat flu is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the colors, the skies and Proton.
Is it going to be very obvious as the streets, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their departments, are a very solid narrative face?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel skeletons, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By the time of storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to end up, to make the knife click, right?
The links make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proton understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it another one, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, he Proust says that every cool love that San detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Silicon and Proton, were notoriously clean.
You know, the baby baby would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so sorry to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The links are a cartoon.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the colonies?
The links are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute little stuff of lights.
The cells are nutrient from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful.  He proved links to the absolute language with the clients.
When San is in his clothes shoe, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the serves of his lover -- then he advocates those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is a supportive thing, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a money."
He says, "These are scientific research with real intellectual value.
He proved is trying to prove that the cells see unlikely and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, it search for the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what I proposed to do, the more painful the truth, the better the truth.
The pain, the humiliation -- the loss, these were the pathways towards Proton wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to be a range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man can intervene us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for the cruel women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal us ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open up this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our aggressive, our awful ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that is taught us to look at such a peculiar intensity that is so specific?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very little young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife, without realizing information, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or do you accidentally be laughing with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the card of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the links will lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The links drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in news.
A woman of Michigan, a woman from Millenness was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sent to move messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For one year, a whole year.
She was trying to discover the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, they react to admiration as well.
Because we're realistic.
What a huge thing, although unfortunate -- right?
It's kind of a novel.
It's like a novel of Paris Hawaii.
God is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of Fabias in a "The "The "The Thumb and "The talented Street. Right? books that are trying to do our stories, they confuse our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the realm of plants, the membrane that separates what might be, can be lost in an instant.
Take Tom Prize, his most famous character.
Tom Right is going to want or want what you have to learn from your self and to stay away from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, take your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Red Report.
I can't give you the whole world, both as I sometimes wanted to.
It's a shame, because we live in times of envy.
We live in terms of cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the currency is the device? Right?
The novels show us the street? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are in front of a mystery.
Let's go to the 24th of Baker Street, and we ask by Leonardo Hey.
When people think of Les -- think about the curse.
But I've always preferred the Larger Laboratory, the head letter of Lord Arabic Ran who needs Seattles desperately needs the Gene genius, but he shots him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
He really needs his help, but it respects it, and he was compared to yellow in each of the mysteries one of the mysteries of it.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and eventually in "The Service of the Six Suniologe, once Lou comes in, it would wake up all with his solution, Let's go back to Times and says, "We're not happy, Mr. Ted.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Salah Adam who would not want to hurt your hand.
It's one of the few times we see Moses in history. I look like this very emotionally. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the links as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Moses is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly, Leonardo is allowed to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the links are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like management plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only the fiction fiction is the chairs.
The fiction used to tell them, invites them to the table.
And look at what they proved -- the leg Leone, the lander Tom Postospo, the Lock Santa, the same March Prosper.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the turn of the 11 Apollo and went down on the Mars of the Mandela.
Armstrong and Alabama were alone, but their presence in the surface gray line was the culmination of a compelling collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the subject of Apollo 1.
But before the fixed Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Does they walk on their surface, which Alan after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of the room, 370 pounds of old rock, and something that 24 are going to be able to be a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon is?
Why do you turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why would you scale the most high mountain of the mountain to scale.
35 years ago, why flying over the Alberta?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Post -- for the computers, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the one to marvel to the transcendence, the power of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological surgeons.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated, and the smallpox is called.
Technology seemed to have what Alice Terralototic in 1970 called the "Ashiousa force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the set of Apollo 10 to 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human will have gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the terms of Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population seem to have been internationally.
I remember seeing the app of Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the collapse of the rocket Salah County.
I knew that this would be the last popular mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from "Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distracted us and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated window.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a rational explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that it has been created less ambitious companies than those of the years to fund Intel -- Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the policy -- in particular, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of ideas to be transformed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's going wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their very happy point without worrying about risk, they would prefer small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Carlets, have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- hasn't invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and much more profound things.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels, less than two percent, and the reason is completely effective.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the bacteria.
We want some sources of alternative energy that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists are according to what policies and international treaties would incentivize development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in the food for food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect a distance distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes play a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared war in 1975, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some relatively resistant things to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presented: political leaders and population should want to solve the problem: institutions should support the solution -- it must really be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criticism.
But it's a visual model in the future.
We're not in 1965.
There is no sustainable competition as in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy that makes the hard thing and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction as you can explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be easy.
It was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't care about challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been interesting.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recommenda, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of the record, why do people think that trust has gotten to have done that?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that there may be discovered in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who disagree about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still pretty cool, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and, by the way, the average citizen in the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Does it trust in politics, consumer in the master?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you know the surgeries?
Connecting in the school?
Do you trust the primary professors?
You probably start to ask, "What for?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust me in some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust in a meaningful way.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of officer or functional or person, it's going to be uniform in every case.
I could say, for example, I rely on a certain teacher of elementary I know to give the kind of reading lesson, but in no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good deal.
I could trust my most personal friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we have gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way trust is different, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to deliver the good judgment in fact to trust something or something.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
That's not the goal that I would ask.
I would try to have more confidence in what is compared to trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a prisoner to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who devote their savings with the very closely named Mr. Mexico, which then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
You trust dedicated or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, he says, yes, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it is about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they complex? Are they honest? Are they respect?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the permanent matter, and it's responsible and honest and honest then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they are sex.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that I see their own competition.
And I am happy to say I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely hasted.
If this is, I still haven't been paid.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accounts of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to make us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will be the party in it."
And we find the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure the trustworthiness.
What they do is they discuss the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, demanding that they make the balls -- as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, all of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more conversation, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we transmit to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or politicians or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things back into the back.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's different because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough base for you to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't engage, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring the evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes every day, everywhere, it makes common people, the families, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my calls says I can give you a little bit of the explanations.
I take them back and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other hand, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're aiming is not very hard to deciping.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been working on to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be described.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, at such point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no walking war?
I started imagining how it would be.
I first created this tool that is inside the digital space, so that when the strong opposite against the screen transfers its physical body to papers.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the Disconcered Science divide of Microsoft, along with my mentor California Burner, he was reading the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As the windows and the files have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can take the book and turn lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that are down from every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their nets directly with your hands.
In these examples, we are entering the digital world.
What if we invest the paper and make digital information come to us?
Second, many of us will have bought and turn things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual project on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them be physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my author Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Leone Pole, we created this only physical paper.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D paper in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So simple simple, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach the creatures physically and distance and the famous task of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike monitoring or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We started talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hummis, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the payments pay.
But my mother gas said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering like them.
After the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a dark path to happiness -- a safe job and good work.
No matter whether I'd like to do it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese dog.
This was me, on my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the access, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote to the director of school and the professor of a radio program.
But no adult was stuck by the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class of the only thing that could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another vote.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It recognizes books.
"The Google Congolese of Saint "Al State County County -- "Let's call the United States of The High Hollywood in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not propaganda. It understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution: "Hello your father and your mother."
Henregy: I said, "It's so different, and much better than I will be opened."
So it became my tool to come out of this conflict of conflict and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, gives the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can get people called "The Frank Frank of Walter Stanford John David of David Capure who were involved in a same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisis, the temptation are economic, politics and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists -- lust, fear and software -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
The path of Chinese Towerberg Thomas Memory "The Road Carl "The Cape Carlets Carlets instead of being lost in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, this is through the translation that I realized that "The Chinese in Chinese literally means "great and stick a quick good."
And "Google in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel alone or powerless ever.
Having a dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I have come to believe that real is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose, and with clarity, most of the time.
So the books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first prison clients.
I was a professional student in Chicago in Berkeley.
She was a 16th woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a tone tone, and he turned on the couch of my office and took off the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so happy.
My class colleague had a silence as a first client.
And I played a break that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he made me easy only to move the head while we went back the solution.
"The terrorists are the new Vietnam, he said Alex and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get home after that, you have children later, until the death goes on.
As an Alex and I had time on it.
But shortly after, my supercomputer press me to press Alex to talk about his loved life.
I was a teacher.
I said, "Sure, he's coming out with guys under his category, it takes a strip head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my supercomputer said, "I still don't know, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before you happen."
This is what psychologists call a moment "Go!"
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new ones.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this benign class was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the early sides of all sides of all sides of it.
There are 50 million volunteers in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to adulthood without passing before the 1950s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the surroundings here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with the surroundings, you love a surgery, you take the dream a surround, I want to see. It's okay. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Look, that give him a form of their life will have happened to be 30 and so on.
People from more than 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up with the second and last stage of growth in their 20s, and it's represented for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change from themselves, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than at any other time of life, and we know that female fertility gets to their endgame at the age of 28, and things become complicated.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your life and common life has an impact on the person that will become a result.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the winds are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the age of 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists take ridiculous names to the surgeons like "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Agencies and "deaths."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo British said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give them a stick on a head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of emergency and their ambition and not absolutely nothing.
And then every day, you're going to get intelligent, interesting people like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend's not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be good."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are going to finish up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curved the day I graduated from the modern."
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the supply of chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music went off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that was going off, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 37.
Where are the surgeons here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things in the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tours and so many of us starting a career, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
A lot of these things are not complexity, and there are research that starts to show you, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
And it tells you that you can't have the son you want right now, or you can't give a brother to your child.
A lot of the terrible and talks look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the winds are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a memory.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, which showed more embedded than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life was even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she got up himself to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cry for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent the whole morning filling it with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that goes after the words "In case of emergency -- please call me a passenger.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and say, "No."
What Emma needed was not a shame that was really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as the decade of Emma was going forward.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of you, men or women, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget from that identity crisis and it got identity capital.
As an identity of identity, I mean to do something that add value to his person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of American career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this: capital of identity generates identity of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that individual, from that company that you want to try with.
I'm not cutting the exploration, I am losing the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protective.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are so complicated.
The best friends are excellent to bring to the airport, but the volunteers who come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from the top of their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak films of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the winds have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to engage this group.
Half of the jobs created never be published, so knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job that was not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
For last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I would say, Mom will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and form his own family.
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel like the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you act now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are in work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it work or kill time with whoever you get to you.
So what about Momass?
Well, we looked at that gap, and she found the couple of a prime of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped me get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend, which I live.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events.
This married with a man who chose sensitive.
I love his new career, he loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency care are not great enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with the floors.
It's very easy to help you.
The winds are like airplanes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere in the west.
Just before the laser, a slight line in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fire.
In the same way, at 21 or at age 25, a good conversation, a good design -- a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the ones that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex to Alice.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling you to survives like Emma every single day, and the surroundings are not the new 20, they prescribe their adulthood, they get identity, they use identity, they use their weak link, they choose your family.
Don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very exciting job in the security of a work that was even more extremely experience: the discovery.
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate students in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
They give them tasks.
When the work came back, I was calculated by grades.
What struck me the attention was that C was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance had no Cathor plans at all.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that set me up.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, proportions, the area of a platform.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a emotional perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the C. But what if you succeed in school and life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn how fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging stage, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West West Project.
We tried to predict what songs remain in military training and who would be returning.
We went to the National Science Conference and we tried to predict what children would move away as far as possible in competition.
We study the social teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and of those who will be the most effective in improving the outcomes of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking yourself, what about these marketers are going to keep their work of work?
and who is going to make more money?
In all these very different context, it came a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good thing, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was defense.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years, and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited about more than a year to see who they were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I packed them in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the safety that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Conference Conference where it matters. It's also in school, especially for children in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determining in children?
What should I do to teach children a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long box?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you a determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are lots of talented individuals who are simply not going ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the constant determination is not related or it's even related to the talent of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth means."
This is an idea developed at Stanford December by Carol Dealiny, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. Delivery has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to be selectating when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop determining.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have over front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all over again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more proud.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a cataly, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that time, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for a foreign surface, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Wall Museum.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can draw this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
An academic Chinese will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic disaster.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read signs of transit signals, memories of restaurants to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's clear.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
people.
If the fire shape is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a francis, "So I am starting to be a standard -- this symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's in the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of doors from a singer in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks so that they create a lot more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's to go."
As the old said, two are company, three are a human.
If a person would be your arms, this person is saying "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is attacked.
It's a prisoner like Joe inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the continues.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a policy."  Easy to remember, because a floating tree is quite idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it gets very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sunsets together, first.
Three together, those are flashes together.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bridge.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. All right.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, asking questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scanning it, and she was standing up.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care of it.
So we've gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical radio will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters -- which is the same as a eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters we started to create sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a flow of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the region, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because the Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, exile.
A mouth that tells you to go out is a step.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad are the films I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The movie mastered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was General, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand around.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we raise our children in a kind of an industrial complex of a child fantasy.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a dozen years later with that, interestingly, another film whose protests -- a little boy of metal and a boy who was thrown on a girl dressed as a card of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Mac March.
Monors are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today, the magician would say, "Darwin, you're the salary of Oz as the protein predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army generated by the computer of the evil industry.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even violence are women.
I started to notice this when I did to see Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had gone down.  And so he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom foot with his legs behind, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but unfortunately, he would absorb everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be a matter of value, personality and legal?
Would you have the feeling that Lucy is one of a military to save the government?
Let's compare this to the Male March of 1989.
How do I win Dorothy his movie?
It's doing good metaphors with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow O, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is it that there is so much cheap capital force, force in movies for our children, and so little about the way of yellow flowers?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how kids react to this stimulus device.
I know by experience that the princess Lead doesn't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are microbe.  I think at the time of the first kiss I really expected that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on death and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, boys, are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Mexico and Kansas, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical time, each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who were raising a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's available in shops.
Remember what the critical said when it came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar, I can't believe that Pixar has made a film.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these movies is the test of Berkel.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not taken roots and it's already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Alan Been is a comic discovery, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should be doing -- in the movie, there are more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about something else from the boy you like it so much?  All right?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, and I grew up.
Right? Remember Russia, a sea idea of what a Hollywood movie movie is.
It is virtually not the test of Berkel.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a bomb where men and women are hiding during the regions of the regions.
We have many scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this screen, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, card?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female proteins?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a greater number that this is going to be disappointed this room.
The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
One in five women said it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music or pornography videos are closely linked -- but when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual adaptations.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What don't you get to learn?
Are they expanding the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then get the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about it?
Are we expanding that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very cool statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools. We have tools to our willingness as to fly power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, will it be able to protect them if at the same time, active or passionate, are we educating our children so they keep their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is changing radically radically changing.
You may have read about how the new economy is changing the role of their home and the attack.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Valley know what he said.
"Asharian it."
Baseas and Kenny and Gener.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which you tell my son, and he sees and struggle only and more stories where he looked at his work is to join a team -- maybe a team led by women, help other people better and be better people, like the Moon March.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these consumers.
They are covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, I used to look for it.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me talk to me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architect.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I saw my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown to one of nearly 1,300 miles of length next to the Nino.
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared one.
This is a place in the eastern coast of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called The Taimon, lost for thousands of years.
The old Egypt was the old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Food, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire -- there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The epidemiologists have always known that Toxozon was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them -- indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge automatic plant.
This area is enormous. It's about 6,000 for 4.5 miles.
Before, the Nick street right next to Toxozon, and as he changed over time, he moved to the east, covered the entire city.
So how do you find a supply city in an extinct landscape in a stream?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a pain, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves on it.
So we used NASA MRI data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nigeria is.
But you can see more disabled, and it's even more interesting, this slightly crazy area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Toxo."
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show work, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like sample shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human patient.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of it, we found a dense layer of market objects.
This means that in this possible location of Toxozon, five meters down, we have a layer of a number of hundreds of years from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Tox.
We also found a reason of printer, and coral and card and gay, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the thing of the Middle Empire -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a jewelry jewelry that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find the Timeso here, but let's go back to the place in a close future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- probably written in Toxozon: 400 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all votes.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So apparently TED was not founded in 1984 D. C.
They make ideas really started in 1984 to A, C, in a lost city not for a long time and found out of the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine coal coal.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of this house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of nutrient obese banks.
They're competing in a coral array of bicycles and go into the direction of your entry door.
I need to see this really true.
They're supporting strong, they're sweating, they go a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bikes flying all over the side, wheels that go through the side of the wheels that end up in absurd places, spend the door of the door.
To the lobby, to the hall, or what is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light, the light shining on the Mandela of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue blue by doing it in the nose.
You can smell the sand and passes that is about to get into the mouth.
They go through one side and train your living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Seathers.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "Mich Bond One More Mom Moore."
Now follow me to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven comes to you and the Man of The Male -- the Hollywood of the Male and the Lego of "The Mac of Moore: they grab out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory Mexico.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise compassion.
There were several men and a few weeks of different ages and different texts of hygiene.
They were looking at hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a swimming bar.
And I thought, "This is a big thing.
These people must be phenomena phenomenon.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Well, when you realized you were a change?
He said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that would use Disconorious to memorize their speech, and that the medieval academics used to memorize "no world books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed, who is an amazing English and brilliant English, although a little bit extraordinary, he said, "John, you are an American journalist.
You know Britney Sergery?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Brown Serge how to memorize the order in a live swimming bar.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Spains, but maybe you can teach me to me.
But you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what it can be your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's a member, so probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how point our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Persia." In he was based on Darwin Defense paper in the movie "Go Man Man."
We spent an afternoon together in the public Library City Pole Pennsel, sending phone gas carbon games.
And when you come back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Attaction, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not a thing as rare as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide reasonably their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people for this idea of a trained memory, discipline and crops is this sort of simple memory of memory.
It's actually not so simple, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to have brains in some ways, structural or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control groups that they were comparing them.
When they put them into a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow -- found that in memory champions are lit up parts of the brain, different to each other.
In effect they used to, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year comes up with somebody with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of competitors must be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory field.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of saved since he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 147 random cards.
It's half a hour. Yes.
And while there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call collaborative code."
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the public pile by "Pandary "Health says, "I tell two people who remember the same word. I'm telling you to you. You remember there's a man called Bangladesh."
That's his fish.
And then I ask them, "You remember there's a blood block."
And when I go back later, and I ask you remember that word I told you a day ago?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that their name is Barner is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their job is a band."
The same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Banglade, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, black -- we know the pandemic.
They use white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we put that word for the first time, we started putting associated hooks to pay them very much at some point at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the matrix of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Septembers that shot a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, he didn't bring up a DP: He was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he picked up his memory poem, and he goes down, and so soon it was, the hall of the boat is collapsed out.
Tell you all.
But not just killed them all, but it destroys the bodies by giving them excites.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
And so you couldn't get the bodies out.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every single person had been.
I took the family out of my hand pushing them to where their loved beings were left between the rubble.
What substance was advanced at that moment is something that we all know about more or less instantly, and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or numbers of phone or words for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to remember the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Sensiden, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse standing on his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and putting it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more local, the more local, the poster and the super-source is the image, the more incredibly it will be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first teachers of memory.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it for memory, the same way that I would have done it if you had invited it to TEDx about 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I think about some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unhappy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely realistic competition.
And then you can imagine getting into your house, and see the monster of the Galaxy Man mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney Seats to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then you enter the kitchen, and the fourth issue that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, no word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical simple.
In fact the term of the typical term, comes from the Greek "The Greek "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The place of place."
It's a research of when people thought about the lab and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase first was like the first place in your memory mall.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got into that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something that was a lot about this computer memory carbon.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition.
In fact, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets based on the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat up to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school artist bought in a bubble market.
And I discovered that this was intrinsically stuck.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was a stream, because it wasn't just to train the memory.
What it is really about doing is better and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemistry, process, analysis, the analysis and extreme environments, in the eye of mind.
I was very hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of shoes and a series of security covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory proportional experiment.
I thought this could serve good attachment for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they are based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to build the master of memory or memorize cheap bars, to benefit with a little bit of a space about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The matrix of memory, these memory techniques, are just adults.
In fact, they are not even real action.
They work because they cause us to work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a whole kind of attention that most of them don't even run out there.
But the reality is that there's no adults.
This is how things become magnetic.
And if there is something I want to leave you today is what E couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence to lose in the Bellings or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so honest that we don't even bother to process in death?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that you remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we will tackle just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from No. Kerrien, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a town called Linus, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom who shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was going to be able to be.
And there all of us spend the task watching the telly TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all saw me, and every time I took me and I went back in a towel and I all saw me.
And I was like this.
It was a sea, insecure and hated it.
I hated that room, hated that ball, hated that room, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Hey.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, not about the division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we eat.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice us.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're employed to do, you think about power, "The "The "The Medical and mechanical state."
And I know that you think about it to be based on a building built 2,500 years ago for the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a dentist that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection -- we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable supplies, slowly, face at sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the proteins and the governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
This is the Public Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red, red -- that let us interview what General tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pile.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new telescopes, new solutions for the current forms of life.
We put up, we push and push so much, that we get completely from people.
All of black, this predicts us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and come back to connect with those sex symbols.
So we do, and we are all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like a trained, so we started experimenting again. So we do scale the back back forward, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called battle call.
It has to do with the mammograph.
That can be guess.
Small windows, on scale.
Something really very hard.
So we zoom at the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pile back into the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know that they like and we update them.
We added them and added patterns and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't do it.
We take the works of Charlies and turn them into skyscrapers that can be called medieval facts made of glass.
The shapes were taken, they won in audacity and color.
The French became colonies.
The scripts grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers -- we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasy. They could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the line.
Maybe with a position of bread.
This is what's going on.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, because instead of creating new spaces, we rebuild memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Atlanta.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the pile back in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the demographic denominator.
We download the historical symbols, we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find ourselves with new compositions. Some ways that stars against other ways.
This is academic and a band, and it's super post-connected, and you're totally explored.
Normally, the circular pile again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
This is the Gulf of Bobic, from Frank Gene.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Google said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general were completely agreement about a building.
The New York New York Times caused this manufacturing of microbes.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,000 percent when the building ended up.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Prize.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical ways, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media was drowned around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and autism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and structure.
This phenomenon of the beginning of new million countries happened with other stars of stars.
I went to Kanahar and to Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to pass with all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be a stream.
You can see it on the newspapers, and you can see in the newspapers, and at the end, and at the end, we are all architectural photographs, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere right now, that means the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know whether that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they wanted.
That will never happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or advance, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the planet to media media, it starts to recycle faster and faster, and it starts to be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it really draws the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects and you, the public.
We can now do almost amazing symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was on fire.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Air Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Linbersaus.
If that building is built today, we will go to the Internet in search for new biosphered."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's a model.
Mobile models that can lead to the mayor of Linus, to the Lengu people, and tell them that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives you the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use bright words and complicated drawings and one is no longer a surprised audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let it spread by architecture.
That means that the dangerous leg from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seattle can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings will adapt to the whims of nature and not the other.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for a monkey, or even one can be married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming, in the East Service of New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion pavilion -- as muscle and funny as the animals you're going to see.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and more intelligent, more intelligent.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
Find an architect, show it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
It just took a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, the way if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do at the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and cold, and it gives itself those big and wet kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all their friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he asked me to do it, and he asked me to think, "When do I stop doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not comfortable with our own?
Because apparently we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "Am I a street?
This is Family, it's 13 years old, and it lives in Densio.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him that it's ugly.
Between what his mom tells him and what his friends or friends of school tell him, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a compassion, "Am I a nice or am I a bad bit?
Well, until now, Fail has received more than 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, who receives these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's driving them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking about, continuing to me, saying, "I like "I like "I like "I like "I like, I mean, by saying, by buying it, you never end up.
Never before we have been so connected to, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are also a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of them.
This environment, to be always connected, is advising our children to support based on the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no division between a life online, real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is defined in different.
What is the most determined in someone's life versus what's normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration here?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are behind the news of the girls now.
The water models continue to dominate our passwords.
The algorithm of the airplane is now a routine.
And trends like, "They suggest, the game, an unpackettating and the original.
For those of you who know it, it makes it a printer means a profound.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the ones in the later stars of sports and the amazing stress.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the labor development camp.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the class arguments, they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending to classes at all, during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're happy enough, you get a less note to the average of your fellow who don't care about it about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland.
And it's independently about what these young young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is increasing academic performance.
And it's also demanding health.
The teenage teenagers are doing less physical activity, eating less fruit and vegetables, participate in more nonviolent diet that can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's because of all of this for what makes decisions more risky, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sex relationships at early ages and without protection and position and position.
The pursuit of the perfect body is paying the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have again, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of view.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day where they don't feel secure with the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that do?
To release this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking for itself, I don't take you too far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs -- without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children are going to not just have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that take the borders in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to institute that the determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people so they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you looked at a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so our children will grow up to value their whole person, changing individuals, diversity, inclusion inclusion indeed.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a premise.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never trying to be who they are, or to reach out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have you in mind?
Do you weigh your wife.
Your sister to your sister.
Do you know your daughter to your daughter.
Do you go on your openness?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that corrective voice on his interior, which is adapted to you not to have long legs -- so more thin more flat, a more flat, smaller steps?
What would it mean for her if we were to overcome this and would we say reduce to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small bits of a year of age today, become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Japan Hand entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Henry Kanka, the leader of the Human Defense Leading.
To be initially discussing it innocent. But being presented by other minor charges, in company of others, started planning to about 12 icons in New York City, including tunnels and the sands and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant in the place.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center could not prevent it.
Later, it would be convicted by their participation in that state.
Japan Harden is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, teacher teacher -- between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims -- they come to meet.
By experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, they don't need a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are terrified so deeply to their convictions that think that you need to use all of the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekends, he and some friends had been going to stop in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We arrived in the surface of the Sun College who, without knowing our group, was blown by the FBI.
When I was playing my father, my father helped me hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot to the little orange light on the goal, and for surprise of all, especially mine, the whole goal was in flames.
My uncle came back to the other and in Arabic, he said "Go in a "line."
As a parent, as a child.
And all of all, the comment had a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting up a load of 700 pounds of explosives on the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurting other 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "Mom" that means you.
When I was 19, I had been moved at 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of a trickstone.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always me the new face of the class often was a mass of man.
I was hoping for my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new class of class, quiet and remote, was enough mutation.
So most of the time I spent it in home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- for growing under flu, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was trained to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up my thinking was during the presidential election of 2000.
In a research program that I participated in the Nano National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence. As I had been victims of plant almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to go to the light this detail and realized that there was no atmosphere between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was amazing.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures -- that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had taught me that homosexual was a sin and, by extension, all the tiles were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I was able to see that several of them were the most remarkable and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been a kid, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering. But it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to hire the stereotypes that had taught me with a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be a physicist, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Dan Hollywood."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my paralys, and he helped me see that people's race or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my paternal figure at a time when I was desperately needed to need it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, an extraordinary, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something to do in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless substantial toys and said, "I'm tired of hope."
And at that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zarina Sarah.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put on a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was driven to this violent and smart ideology -- I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk to those acts without sense, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple point here I think that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an amazing movie.
It's in 3D, and it has surprise sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has an animal, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in a direct direction.
This film is your awareness of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have a movie inside your own, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films for?
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce results without experiencing the movie in the inner movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness is subjective by nature.
Then there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied the complete behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all began to change.
Now neuroscientists like Robert Crick and physicists like Roger Parkinson's said, "Now it's the moment for science to worship consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations and correlations between some brain areas and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy Kansas a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of recordings.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain are doing and what they can contribute.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not going to offend the neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't look at the real central mystery of this matter, why is it all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie here?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the films, like the distributions, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical chemicals are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the flat works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, they adapt and mix living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon -- how we walk up, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that everything is accompanied from a subjective experience.
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the suffering, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I am a heart of heart science.
I want a scientific theory of the depression that works. For a long time, I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But in the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, great. We used to do this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
Moreover, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how to do.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that would initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner movie movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so this is what it needs to be explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of conscious consciousness in the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is a self-addiction.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promises.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental literatures, space, time and mass.
They pose fundamental laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic than anything.
Instead, they are considered fundamental and from there it is building the world.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is all over.
In the 19th State Malacannia, I discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws -- so I put the basic laws of the supply, and I put electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass charge, then by logic matter, you have to hold the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental flute of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we want to stop them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can stand in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we need.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called the similarity, "Park for everybody, "December for mind, not only humans, not only humans, the dogs, the patterns, the flies -- even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photon can be filled by anger when you think "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the roots.
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude feeling -- subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How did anyone think something so color?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like the other.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking with physical process, is by linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's awareness.
Create of complex information, as in a human being, complex awareness.
It's simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Nobel, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called physical, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And I guess it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an amazing degree of information integration -- a high amount of physical, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there's a measure of information integration -- very significant, very important degrees of consciousness quite important.
But when you get to the firements, microbes -- particle particles, the degree of physical says.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tony, there will still be a different level of consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of principle, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the proposition can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
For physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking: Where does the fire come out of the state?
From the similar view of the physics of physics you can leave as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of an autonomy.
It's right there.
This view, I think, a symbolic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I didn't have to eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be a vegetable.
If you're a forest and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think by thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Santa in the movie "Free?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the similar information, she has a complicated information processing processing so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they plan very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of turning them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full colleagues, the planet.
Canada has its own concept?
Or a more local level, a integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, at this moment we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be taken seriously.
So this as a symbolic vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer for the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second thing is universal.
The vision raises many questions, a lot of challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally be able to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a birth of education.
I went to school, and I got together with my friends, I was forced with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to take a prize of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's a serious problem.
She's actually not done anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a little profile on my mother's screen, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Serves The Samband Laptop and "San "Designers"
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in Milky, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 of the legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your design on your design?
And I said, "What do you say?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your emotional speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?"
usually, in the action room.
And that was when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people who are disabled with disabilities.
And we don't. And it's not guilt about the girl, which is that that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our gangs.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you a lot.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is something Mall, and a mass -- my mass.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make you exciting.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social communication media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad access."
Or this one: "Your excuse is investmented: in effect.
Or this one: "Before you leave, "not the plant.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call the porn inspiration.
And I use the term being out there, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we are applying to the dentists in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, because of a bad thing that my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been strangers to me to express that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is concerned.
These images, those images contain people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I'm using the term people -- "Stand desperately because I would subscribe to the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very busy with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They are simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to apply them in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this mind that disability makes us explain.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here looking at the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a cool idea to use some block of battle to collect the things that get me down.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that excellent and considered.
I really think that that lie that you've sold us about disability is the biggest insurgency.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad automotion, the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a train of stairs has never done that it becomes a robot.
Never.   And to survive to a television screen will not be able to appear for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and providing a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bill.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Google The Sale September doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get up from the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child at 11 degrees in a high school school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of the wheels.
Defense doesn't make us excuse us, but to question what you believe to know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do the augmented reality and the professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a coral coral classroom?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to respond to one of those questions, so please don't get departed.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of Michael Portugal and in Tom Cruise running the hands in the air, but the reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality increases changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I wear point: Google Google Galaxkeepens.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Galapagos are a device that lets you see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional resistance in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Galaxkees, under a helmet and knowing what is running through the game camp to 160 miles -- blood hitting your ears.
We can know that you feel that a 110 pounds of male chasing us, trying to get us to all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Google is using under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the practices of the Nobel, because the idea of the New York technology is a submarine rising on the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kenya: Come on.
It's horrible to be a short.
One moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
What are you ready?
Go!
Chris Kenya: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being hit in the football field, from the perspective of the scale.
You may have realized that people are missing, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, recording from the University of Washington.
Martin Mars, DNA 54: DNA 54.
Blue 8 Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kenya: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the November.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and in Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field of field.
A car or a correct?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get in full of complete? How do we take it to the next level?
We take it at that level using something called Turkey Facebook, which are certainly a lot of you already know.
The Tube Fort has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a face when we recorded a video of Adrian Patrink crossing the line, getting out of a car with the arm before you run and make a antibody? What will be the experience of a fan room.
When it can be Mexico running through the car, launching the ball to the bottom of the network, or President doing a store in "Monthoshs </s> doing a standard in the bottom?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles like a common anti-continuous?
Maybe you get the sales of patterns for adults.
But this is not yet augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Rio.
How do we get augmented reality, Raman?
We're going to get augmented reality when the coaches and the mothers and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win the parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here is a brief clip on the NASA technology.
In 1965, the Four in Baltimore put a look at her field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the Nobel placed radio in the hull of the fields of the field and then in the defenses.
They had more supports because it was faster, more wrong.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see his next player shown in front of you, in a plastic view that they wear in the point -- you don't have to worry about losing a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose stop, and they hate losing parts.
If you lose party you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do that?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the cards and the algorithms, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information.
This makes good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your reduces, and the data analysis will stop being just for silks.
What would it have imagined it?
What would it be in the country?
Imagine you're the field.
You get the bad and reduced root.
You look at a open receptor. Suddenly a rows on the left of your bombsight you notice that a defense behind you are going to attack you. You know, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Ronal system gets you.
Let's move to the protective area.
Another flow tells you that there's an open receiver.
They release the ball, but you get rid of you.
The bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- though, the receptor sees in your bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It's a bit about it, and it grabs the bad, running and annoy.
The public comes up and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'm going to make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
Reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of reality augmented actually?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus like our natural entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a boat how much of their actions are their actions from the perspective of the victim of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how does it live being survived?
How much is it also for a Harvard Harvard or a Neil Darwin Park trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than serious notes and Karnans?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in the Hallowing Park of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent the southern end of the Arab County, which includes the bridge London Gates.
The bridge is a technical structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Goldman Gates was open in 1977.
Joseph Street, engineer will be able to build the bridge, said that "The bridge is essentially a proof of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor probably a probably probably no way."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall of it gets rid of all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down below your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide suicide.
After a free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which they lost vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally fall into the individual water, and then they get them.
I don't think that those who are telling this method of suicide are realizing the death of death that will be facing.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel.
This is where most people go to before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the most dark time, it's very difficult to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back into the ball.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers as well.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Garbage.
I met him at July 22 last year when he got a call from a possible suicide subject, sitting in the cord near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I watched Jason talking to a London Gate officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to stay out of this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Japan, we asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Reduce the Greek mythology -- Ze created Carnegul, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Carnegul, and she opened the box.
From her came pages and woman, and all sorts of bad against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope."
It stopped a few instances, leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This white and smart kid in New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had asked it.
The random damage of suicide affect many people.
And I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone who was loved was successful?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
You don't argue, you know, or tell the person to know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide -- you don't have fear of tackling them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is: "On similar circumstances have thought about ending your life -- you've had these thoughts?
I will confront the person in front of it can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Others are going to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- important, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin Jon. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty intelligent, but I am noticing more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Luck to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on January 19.
I never got there.
I called the Police Police and reported it as a night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1825 at the evening of the day before.
Thank you very much for those that can be completely too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before without having a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GPS, the bridge Global Gates is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery in it.
Good luck this week, Viceband.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible subject on the sidewalk near the northern tower.
He drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I watched this man, Kevin Kevin, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, he crossed the battle, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half later, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hope.
Kevin decided for his account that day back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he said.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What made you come back and gave hope to hope and life another opportunity?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me speak and just hear it."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the MIT mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to fix them.
"Dear Mr. Britter British, nothing will erase the examples of the 11th of March, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin goes with us.
I think Kevin was running for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those the things that I was a little bit about -- but thank God, now we know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says it.
We thank God for you.
You know, in debt with you, Narrator Sergery."
And at the end she wrote, "Pete: When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to solve it.
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing their own pain, gave me the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people, or those who consider the suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging somebody else.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is only about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've been responding and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was January.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final learning, he looked at me, and he said, "I am sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
And sure, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge don't be saved.
In addition, those few people who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one one or two, most of those people have said that the second one that they left the gang was realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should strive to do.
The suicide can be presented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question: How did you become that?
I should be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever ever since.
My outside finally controlled with my inner truth with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to be referring later when I look at this picture, I think, the George George, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I'm just beginning to do.
We all care about our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to liberate to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or by the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- what it considers to do.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this language is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was registered as a boy when I was born because of the appearance of my genital grandmothers.
I remember my five years in the Philippines in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to defend it.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but now we know that it's actually something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I would think I'm going to be a bad thing, but why the world is treating those of us who want to liberate it.
Every day I'm grateful to be a woman.
I have mom and dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the girls.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines that would fight these stories.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing man, I met this woman called Toil.
It's the director of a relative beauty competition.
That night she said, "Why haven't you been involved in the conservation conference?
He said to me that if she was involved with the cases of the description and the dress, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, won in clay suit, and he was a little bit of a line between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty relations.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a real estate of beauty for worm women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the demonstrations, especially when we were looking at remote provinces of the Films.
But more important than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my supply of the green card that could go to live to the United States.
I was resident.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a brief of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you move to the U.S., you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I would put two of my name to my name.
She also accompanied me when I operate in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand make the most prestigious and sophisticated and secure surgery.
At that time, in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of Geographic and the female gender Flow."
It was a big time.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or power to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel like.
Suddenly, my fears saw memories.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being a model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think about this woman of Man Los Mooreness.
A young woman in New York who was officially living his truth, but he was a little bit of a sudden to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we do a global surveillance for the San Story Date.
I'm on this stage because of a long history of people who stood and stood up to the injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exploiting, for some day there is no longer more surveillance of 20 of November.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rore: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending to young women, who I have stopped, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it works, others not. It's just identity of gender, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that screen short -- and there should be a space that would allow people to detect -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The relative movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Thank you. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Mala started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when they were absorbed in 2011, when he gave him the National Prize January of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when you get a child, your birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not good, not for his father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a child.
When he gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, it is consumer, and with hope of a son, when her third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffer -- but the daughter, the daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, she stays home and school admit to his brothers at home.
Until the age of 12 years, it somehow has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes to 13 years, you get predicted to come out of his house without a male intelligence.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honor course, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this course of honor code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of men's male members as well.
So this brother, he sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's one more norm of patriarchal societies called the empty.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very quiet.
It's the critical.
The model of a good girl must be hot.
It's supposed to be quiet and it accepts the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want to.
If you marry a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be a dialogue of department.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it dependence.
And what happens in the end?
In words of a professor: "The house, the show, and then gives birth to more children and dances."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, except the same choice of eating his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
They wanted brothers and sisters, when Maladack was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the nice notions, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary girlfriend of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mala from Mahasa, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "May!
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admired him in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can do it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in tribal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for the girls' lives.
In writing in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
A school in school means that it has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when the Canadian view was published, and I was at the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the faiths of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sanctity of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malada.
I've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for the compassion.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of the eating.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called surgery.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called a banking.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the bad girls and the passenger boats.
They had millions of them, but a few they talked about, and it was scary to get around those people who kill and bear when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Mala got up and lifted down the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the blog of the BBC -- he offered himself for the New York Times, and I spoke in every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It looked like a computer around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and nine percent October of October 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a newspaper day for my family and to me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "I should blame me for what happened to my daughter, your head?
And he said, "Please, don't blame you.
Defend the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and join you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Galileo was in the hospital and I had severe painful pain and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that's spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained away.
I used to say, "I'm well with my sound smile and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get good. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and it was connected.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we have learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when I didn't have his task.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What about my tutor that has made so audacious to Mala so brave and expressive and survival?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Montana group of Google, where I've had a mission to my office, the God Cars visualization -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you take a brain operation.
Are you still just as smart or not?
To not be like this, can you be smart.
After the neuron, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and bands.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much it will take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them to get them to go through life.
More than once I've saved me.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses since there is no longer a clear map that tells you in destination.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my automotion, my sense of who I was me, my way of thinking about it, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a car, and I was surprised to see how they changed my thoughts.
I was always farmer, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and   --  -- many times in the past I've met various types like this, or maybe some sense versions of the past.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a brain.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to fix a problem that I had on the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my fingers.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to dare -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do when I put those hormones and the bands and so on, it was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I used to create representative, my ideas, if you want to try new ideas and making assumptions.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Facebook like Humble, Descartes and Homosspender look at things differently.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works, for me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I can find the point right and I've got lots of great mental images, really, really sophisticated and good stripped.
Now, I'm working on how to bring up these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use their imagination just to lead the world to the front world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to reach this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional MRI, to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan made by George Ganges and his Harvard colleagues and Harvard Google.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the middle shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as he imagined it, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by tracking the contents of the central column on the left on the left. You see that the difference is almost not.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost not.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into symbolic fields.
Let's take it this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a great approach of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was collected.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scanning to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the measurements of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This gave us beautiful.
We're right enough to do it.
We only need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was taken with the world's brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't get to that.
A lot of them are proposing new projection techniques per images, including me -- counting with the recent outcome of MRI -- first we have to ask ourselves the following, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger animals, but at this point, larger magnets just offer small improvements in resolution -- not the increase for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger animals, we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a chemotherapy.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in understanding of ingenious and brilliant solutions in corruption and decline in the transition and the Harvard radio frequency records in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use massive magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of FM radio.
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the frequency of MRI frequency patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scale.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the FMI we should be able to measure not just the flow of illegal blood, but the of hormones and the mangroois that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could move on top of language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able to be?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without a distance?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's disease.
We have a few more options to open this door.
In all ways, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take much more.
We need to learn how to take this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Her wonder is maybe telling some person for the first time that love or tell someone who is pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have in life in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can fundamentally vary the experience of having lived and have come out of that harmony is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it should happen.
Many years ago, I worked on the South Side Canada California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various stages of the intensity of the light microbe, not to cut my armpits -- I will quote the letters from Air D France as a little little line.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the college of my short panel, and I had hit my head recently -- I would ask a little kid -- "Hey, you're a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would expect my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a break of paper.
The father would immediately hear the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would be destroyed inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was ready and I was about to go into the female issues on the table   I had the Belinds French quote.
The Central Elmosi quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe back and I went down the look and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist slide, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or a girl?
So I would breathe back again, I put out of classrooms close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a conflict.
I have the short hair like a child, and I saw clothes, but I am a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than kind of a girl in a change of a camera."
And that girl looked at me staring carefully, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite friend is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a park, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the page that I asked for you?"
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the painting and I, both we were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some creatures in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my weapon is not different to the self or the self or the yours.
Now, I will give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than to tell it it's been a short?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you is more difficult than to tell your son five years to get you to reduce?
There is no more difficult thing, just the hard thing.
We need to stop calculating what is difficult to us to be difficult to other people to make us feel better or worse in relation to our researchers, and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in transformations, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what your walls, a gun is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high tall.
It wasn't the military leader prepared to fight any child of four years to enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was running on a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay graduate, and the moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers with whom I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that graduate, you kill you.
One of my most memorable grades was the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many of the invited guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor drone shows, in my black and cooking dress, I walked around the tables and finally came to a where the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after you talk about a moment, one of the women screaming -- "I love Nathan Langle."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Oh, you ever were in the Cassancy?
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's a famous one.
"Oh, you know my anti-father stage at my station?
It's very good and never talked about having a bank."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program, Will and Greece.
And you know who we love us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our passenger."
And then a woman, disabled but in waiting to show desperately his support, to get me to know that he was on my side, finally said they said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink forms."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grains of graduate.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt bad.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were writing.
And what else can you ask someone, but to start?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
It's just like hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of the Big Birth of the Big Pacific.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to get out of any area is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the distribution. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be naive, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it a ship -- save your backs.
If you know they're gay, tell you.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they'll keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe, and they can go through what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disabled, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark transition by driving a graduate, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Burner. Enjoy the line.
In intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Adergentic Descriph that "The question of if a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can navigate."
When Adergent Discovers wrote this as a criticism to the plants of computing like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the Earth's intelligence and the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as bodies, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept on Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain time in time, the asteroids that reflect the surface of a planet a mysterious planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a couple of years ago, I wrote a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that they were, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be ultimately suited for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all of these different issues and put them together together, I asked, for several years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different questions?
Is there just a equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F. that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future of the future of it.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get caught off.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How distinct is it?
Is the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more desert, or the form of their life should have access to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that content cosmetic connection between entropy and intelligence indicates a more profound relationship.
What if smart behavior isn't only correlated with the production of long-term entropy but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Europe, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which it finds inside it.
Amazingly, European could spend multiple animal evidence test, play human games, and even win money trading action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a human foot home here, here we see University balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave an goal.
He simply decided for her to balance the point.
This ability of equilibrium will be applications for humanoid robotics and human care.
This ability of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
European is widely applicable to a variety of money.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see Europe to conquer new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and maintaining the net net connected.
This same network of network artist also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see America organizing the routes of a bar of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see America spontaneously discovering and execute a compassion strategy -- sold in a simulated series of action negotiation -- expanded by increasing assets under their own experimental management.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance, and in sure.
Alex British: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- everyone comes from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rud work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber release to the investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then memory and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the age of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of goal.
They often ask me, "How is it that you can find targets from this kind of game?
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a tipping point in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kenya mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the little light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their sun.
Instead, this gives points about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this strength of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2012 was the most crazy record.
Grain and sea ice that have been with us from thousands of people now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have remained rapidly our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no antibody.
But I study the pollution of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say it looks for alien opportunities in the incredible sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets you look at planets similar to Earth, the more enjoying our own planet.
Every single one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the world and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and red and despite being a little farther from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world shown by a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rover as the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The surface on the origins of life as well as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the robotic, like the Mandela mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their shark.
private companies now offer not just short classical flights but also the technology of living in Mars.
But even though all of these Martian imagery remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the researchers and powers, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the muscle areas of our planet that still remain to collect, really subtle places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and higher places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other artist planets I have a big and sad set of shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influenced destruction of the only planet that we know is truly a huge, the Earth.
And so I like the planetary exploration, I'm deep described with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the Titanic captain will tell us that the factory of truth will tell us that the party of truth will be later in the wild boats   Thank you.
But the goals for planetary exploration and land preservation is not contributing.
No, they're actually faces of the same monkey, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are going to look like extraterrestrial pandemics.
You just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and hospitals on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fire paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi said, having in mind that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Mexico is that when civilizations become genetically advanced to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of the important thing that is protecting the origin of planets that provided this development.
It is arrogant to think that only the interplanetary colonize will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to move to the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the highest task to preserve the inhabit on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I jumped my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a career, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a character could take a long time to get there, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was born from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure I wasn't more expensive than a core at night at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it went right off.
I'm a professional technology and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Rush releases that the heart rate increases the heart of the administration and the fog levels of thinking.
And when I came to the approach in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they have bad things happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things that minimize the probability of a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't grow.
I was focusing with my colleague Danny Kenya, a Nobel Green, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and, Danny shared my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a perspective resource.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kenya, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the press.
Everybody knows what's the promise.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the prime, as Dan explain -- you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about to you is some things that we can do in the form of a press.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'll give you a place for things that are missing easily.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called a hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, which includes the structural trees, where friends are living and enemy tribes live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes on in the USA Taliban.
It's the part of the brain that allows the rupees to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the ordinary sense of the flows, and they could still find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of cars, reading and passengers.
So at home you have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular box.
For your reading glasses, a particular mother.
If you take a place and they're prototypes with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about the trips?
Take with the cell phone a picture of your credit card card, a little bit of a credit card, stop it by mail to themselves to be on the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate the survey.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases record.
Regular is toxic and international thinking.
So part of pressure practice is to recognize that under stress, we won't be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is emerging as a protocol for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the decision of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the outcome of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart sleep, brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to prescribe a drug that will help you reduce the star, a stage."
And maybe you have heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. Even you probably know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yeah, let's remember the stage."
But there is a question that you should be doing then, a statistic that is supposed to ask that most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the U.N., the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the Nobel?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you must think what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if you're guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We have not understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Malaria estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recently recognize, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Serge Great George and Pamela Arabia, confirmed independently by Beijing.
I am exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain brain or other adverse events.
Now you may say, "Well, one chance in 300 of my cholesterol is going to go down.
Why don't you? Doctor start the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it's "Me of the side effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: determines muscle pain and articulate pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medical medication."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think about clarity.
So think about how you stack this over over time, so you don't have to do the growth chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300,000 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out for the drug that you will help the drug.
I don't say they had or don't take the stage.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You're probably thinking that I've launched this number in the air because of the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is actually done in the older men in the 1950s, spread of prostate prostate -- the number needed to treat is 49.
So it's 49 surgeries a person who has helped it.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the space dysfunction -- even the free, religious generation, coral accessible.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the press is to think before time the questions that you can pretend to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to do all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change from opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases restriction under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the free or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to being the lunch of lions -- so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought, like Danny Kenya and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all detailed.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think of the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent things bad happen in the first place.
I was laughing at the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a computer of combination next to the door, with a key to the gate door in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered -- and lots of messages of email I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Penical -- Peter is my favorite music.
It means playing season.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a P in the score, you need to play more seas.
Two feet, even more gentle.
Four per five, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a party tree, there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousand and thousands of Peers may have ever come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of simple, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, the Allies, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came in in the 1980s, and over the course of time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that we know today like Taimons.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following specifically their rules, and the coming up, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my strangers and they amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't break the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the ball of the paper paper paper."
"Don't grow, and when you're eating, sure you don't throw the covers on the plate."
This is all called "the "Stephen "The subject."
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm a very nice supermarket of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is for coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
There will be a number of them.
TMA: To announce it.
You can see that glamour doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and mothers and stops.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "Preg in the Allies.
A typical prison has five lines.
However, to me, do my thumb with my thumb so that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for a artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I was going from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory now.
Am I going to distance more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started creating a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the art community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an agent, it was something from a listening person.
And sound is so powerful that I could get to me and my artistic job, or I could empower me.
I chose that I would empower me.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as to become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different Pacific parks.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices are value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I'm not going to continue this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium, I found in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Allies.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressing chest in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Laws.
The two are very special and highly modified what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much as the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how the heck works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Alli is divided in many different geometric parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the motion of the body, the speed, the shape of the hand and so on, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put only one keyboard at a time.
However, the Alli is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in Laws.
If only a keyboard would change the agreed to create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens to music in the way to tone and ton and volume.
In Males, by using these different geometric parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is painting on it."
This is the sandwich sign on it."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, caught me.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, go on.
So I started thinking, and if I see Allies through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the side of "Dad, the sun comes out and put it off.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you can basically see as a musical piece.
All day.
I feel the same thing can be said of the next night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights -- "And "American: "On the night  "All night long.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents the time in Laden and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one horror. It's a hand, two hours -- it's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then has a day: "Stop on the "Age and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time, "There was one time."
"Member "Memora is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per companies.
However, when I look at the word "Memory I think automatically I think about at the same time."
Look at MT: hand right, my right hand, my left hand.
We have the prison through the head and the chest.
Oh, my mother, "Mary Martin London "Lead -- E, my mouth, I am going to show you one way called the wooden face."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
We're now going to do it both in the head like chest, something like a common time or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "We will be in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "The Sandwark in the Allies.
Now, the third one. Please follow me again.
And again.
It's "the distance in the Allies.
We're going to do three together.
"Let's say, "The "being "be "be "be a change and the disorder."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see the Alli and printed, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very strict world.
And only because the Alli has no sound, automatically it doesn't have social value.
We need to start to question what defines social value and allow the classroom to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Allies.
The Alli is a rich stream and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Design Kenyan: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can do it all the way, but then you have to clean it up."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or a bubble bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the awful truth.
When I get older, I found that adults also expand and that they're not very good at cleaning people's others.
The time, I am now an adult and teaching citizen and invention at the House of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches and no, it's not being a alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a smart thing.
And in the last decades, we've been coming up with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with age six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this kind of work with remarkable height so that very low kids can also participate.
And I will tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its reaction.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits -- we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about the robots.
Then we create quickly what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before we lunch.
And we transform light and web cameras into access and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the board computer process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
Let's take this invention step on a website for inventors called "The "The "The "The "The Explorer that someone best even better.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning up a oil spill, only using hands, in Sanda, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water where you bathe it, the water where they see, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown down, the mud and oil are also a brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called a computer, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a very first prototype of a show that can dive through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We set this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem at the distance, I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe I'm going to make a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half a Japanese Japanese and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they trigger several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those teams destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant, a nuclear central plant near water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all of the Pacific Ocean has rates of pollution by 177.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Ramina radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe enough, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Kenya every year from the crash and research in a independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different males.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the productivity all of their life.
Together with them we discussed the collected data that day and talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the surface, etc.
And to do this, we created a map of the three-dimensional map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the activist map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of activity, and we risk water to simulate rain.
So with this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the Arab system and was digging in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We came up to a mile of nuclear control, and with the help of the road press we were collecting sediments from the sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and we built.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit of a little bit of this, and we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the biggest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optic -- basically, can be built almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: "Ah! Allen and the Eastern Eliama."
Be Darwin Darwin, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and productivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth, because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientists, creative citizens, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin camels, two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is impose about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel Gene said that when he looked at the sea in a boat, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The film was only the team of Michael Long.
But living creatures are not clicked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the region of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have led to a world made of parts of parts by monitoring the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a assembly of a discrete part of different functions.
But you don't find any sensor material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are tied up with diagnosed pieces.
The skin skins are more thick with small percentages.
You act mainly as a filter, the other one as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, there's no and no anger involved.
It's a system that would vary gradually its functionality through the variation variation of happiness.
Here's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the colony and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the law, analysis and states, shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they are covering four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large-scale scales, like this robotic arm with an ad of 24 meters of diameter with a flying basis that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphic graphics made of genetically engineered organisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the poll, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each opening is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion monitor of Paris -- Van Van Densel, it's like a second skin made from one piece of mine, repeated in the contests, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing companies -- we printed this layer and 3D strange without costs between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C.
That designers have access to this high resolution, and the synthetic instruments, allows us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface, it becomes a competitive.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in religion, and actual and color, responding to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not by the addition of another material or another was a sensory, but by spending continuously and dramatically the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Bible Bible, and one of them came up and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she reads, "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a hot cortex of particle control."
For that first brutal tree, there would be no difference between translation, branches and leaves and flu.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made it grow trees with branches and cortex, talents and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would design if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Are we going back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant number on the planet is called the to the corner, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and screens and grades.
We think that if we can synthesize their properties, we could generate three-dimensional structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal scarce.  We asked a lot of shrimp colors to be brought in, we got them out and we produced cheese stop.
Using chemical contents, we have been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a large scale, it was built a system with multiple control of control remote reproductive.
The robot could vary the properties of material on the march and create these structures made up of a single material.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural shape to the contact with air.
So why are we still designing with a plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain mysterious organisms that first first appeared on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we found the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without a passenger problem, and if it becomes even more, you know.
A hot coral tree tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of color husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to be reduced, put in the sea, will feed marine life and put into the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility to create clothes to keep the lives for planetary travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own element of elements, new forms of life created complexity, made independently and increased in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid and liquid alchemy -- just that instead of making perfect metals -- are synthesized new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called a manual middle.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, they combine two markets.
The first is the book.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater of fresh water.
And the second one, E. the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
It turns the light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two organisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
To get these relationships, we have created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and they alter their function of the road.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by using the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we have more transparent channels.
This powerful digestive system, when it comes from one end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our attacked gut.
And here it is, as a business at TED, our first powerful photographer, channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Hello said, "We are growing creatures of fashion -- only half is made of maker."
What if the design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living life?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustain our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows, Adam with sociality.
This camera cat, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metaphoristic.
The different manufacturing is about this level of sociality.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different focus.
One act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scale.
The silk worm first goes into the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to have a commitment of compression.
The tension and the commitment, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet on the head of a silk worm to the hole.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the car worm call.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat plane, not within a box, we realized that it would have a flat capitalist and still monitor it as well.
So we started designing different environments, different walls, and we have discovered that the way, the composition -- the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly for the environment.
They often stick silk worms up to death within their capitalism, their silk is destroyed and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the crude silk without making a single capital.
They will be moving healthy, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a shark robot making silk sticks, and we put into our site.
We knew that silk silk worms into more dark and cold areas, so we use a sunlight diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat and distributed silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the trains.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a dry silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to tune with us.
We placed them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they were, and as they were, they created them, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
But Brooklyn Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
The size of the biological silk on the silk silk remains, give all this pavilion their integrity together.
And in a little over two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms have 65,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the spinal, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional fights in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other one full of empty bars.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them "What you want to be from more?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you want to be a biggest present?
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question "What do you want to be for more?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the materials and the art and developed websites, and then I played the guitar in a box called Texual Talking.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist all of us, for a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to come back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm afraid of it, and I let me absorb and feel "I am saying, "I have found my mind: and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I need to deny all of my other passions and let me get out of me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong about this, and something bad about me for not defined by nothing.
I was worried to have fear of engagement, or to be a shortage, or to conflict or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to ask you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
We ask ourselves what you want to be from more?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
It was considered an naive question to provoke nice answers in children like, being a blood or being a barger or "I want to be a park."
They insert the Disney discovery here.
This question is made us over and over again as we grow up in various ways,  -- I mean, high school students are asked they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a big more?
It's going to be the bottom exercise of before to what sleep takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, it does right now, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though they adults well in order you might be laughing and say, "Oh, what nice -- but you can't be craftsmen of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children's  and he's a visitors of rape and prospectation.
And this Mom New York in a magazine built into a drug, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it is more than that.
The notion of life focused is very interesting in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vote, the idea that each of us has something to be going to dedicate during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who isn't connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a manuality.
A genetic is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a boat for this to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts, multiple and potential and age.
You can also use other terms that contain the same idea, as a study, a research.
Over the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well dressed in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Seattle refers to us as a schemes."
They use any term they like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of a adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the formal as limited or a attack that you should be sold.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being this way.
Here are three genetically supercomputer superstream.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new at the intersection.
This is Bangalore and Rachel Bonding expressed its shared interests in cartoon, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, at founding Mexico.
Memory is a company that creates geographically inspired lawn.
And San and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
And the new ideas.
And the genetics, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second female superpower is fast learning.
When the mathematicians are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be principles, because we have been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and get out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dona is a full-time and a complex time journey.
As a child who is a perfect ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest commercial memory.
Before becoming a writer, Nigeria was financial plan.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started their practices and this ability to help me write compelling launches for the editors for the editors of it.
It's rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you're going to attract to, even if you finally abandoned it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third magnificent superpower is a adaptation. I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Causable is sometimes director of videos, other pages of websites website, sometimes a lab of Kevassad, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently, James Bob.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine Ford Company, as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and supposed to be the individuals and organizations that can afford to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really will thrive.
Ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adaptive -- three skills where the males are very slowly, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the magnificents to be themselves.
We have complex problems, manufacturing right now, and we need creative creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in your heart, spaces.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric security.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are being bought by a specialists and a computer company.
The specialists can dive in depth and put in practice, and the magnificent offers a sex of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we all should design lives and careers that are reporting with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the massive ones are very happy to be more like their specialized partner.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you take from this talk, I hope that it is this: recommend with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart of heart, then, special for all media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the global people in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, --  I tell you, recommend with their many passions.
They follow your curiosity for those cooking cards.
They explore the interactions.
And embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, gender -- the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 2001, a woman named Alexander took it to a psychiatric in Freedom.
He was happy and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Taskay.
I didn't know how to help Algeration, but I was flying by it until he was unfortunately passed in 1960.
After his death, Theye did a supply and found strange and cold plates in the brain of Angeline, a guy who had never seen before.
Even more amazing.
If I had been living today, we could not give her more help than the one that Louis gave him about 114 years ago.
They took the Dr. Alan Alan Alaska.
And Algerty Determine, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered by antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral transitions for the HIV, stages for the cards and much more.
But it's been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's disease, for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live up until 85 or more, the ability to contract Alzheimer's to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their daily years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In the U.S. alone, the care of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent on Alzheimers disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs provide an increase of five times in the year 2050, as you get the generation of the white baby.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been relatively recently done.
One of the top 10 death causes around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be presented, cure or even slow their development.
We understand less than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same research.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's disease, and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should have -- Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, everybody, scientists, connections Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be honest in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain, with a patient patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to design a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plastic plates and colors in the brain of Angel a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the paper that are painted.
And when it gets good, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules pay each other, forming groups that can form big plates and clothes.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, as a bomb.
Cardia could do anything.
Care others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, at the most part, the cables have been reduced and waiting the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when you try these drugs in growth.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, they have a protein molecules that are sticking each other into each other, as humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, of overcoming Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince us that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and disputes.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too busy to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Angeline, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They will help for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York New York Times, in January of this year.
So to fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I tried to test it as a night last night.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are together to make 36 questions more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And is it?
As you move up, these are increasingly personal.
Number three: this really like -- Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I did things that you wouldn't say to someone who has ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, I really struck me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later, and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also interviewed.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we fell in love, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Mom Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you go together anyway?
And the reason I think about this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
One week before the paper was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog blog can reach a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that led a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was done, I had no idea.
The article was published in line a Friday night, and the Saturday was on the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already called me the Tower State and the Gorgeous English American.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster confidence writing with childhood, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or writing, what they did every day for weeks were always asking the same question: They still go together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email of my email with the phrase, "Do they follow them?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and of strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman screaming up to the stage, "Hey, Mandela where your new boy?
And immediately I got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valence, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I took television interviews, and reduced the pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the reverse icon of the processing process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute case.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it was really working -- or, if I was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but real love, love lost.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship was just a few months old, and I felt, especially that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we continue to go together or not, and do you get it?
If the answer was not, would it make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was trying to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called supported personal Apple, progressive and recognition.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several teachers were also used by the Archive Amazon protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between the members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tested last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and he said to me and said, "I tried to study the study and didn't work.
He seemed coloring for it.
And I said, "You want to say that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause here.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends?
Did you feel like they were able to know better after testing the study of the study.
The stop.
So, it works: I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I was 20, which was practically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and he had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I stuck in science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of contribute the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just investigate for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it looks really a big thing."
I thought if I was talking about the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt like that.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what I can do to me.
What I search for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very advance story, because we will love it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still go together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love when things get complicated, and how do we know when to cut and dist?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing that will remain love.
Now we are the easy part.
So at the end of my article. Love didn't happen.
We started in love because we took the choice to be.
And I get a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed to put that choice.
Not to consider how many times we would have that decision, and how much times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and number and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I look for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the team happy in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love somebody, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some legal lines in full row and in a certain way as a forest of the forest.
And to the city of New York City a while ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and buried a dollar of a dollar, a feather and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanity or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species are exchanging ideas, for example how we eat the cards.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of exploration and making surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a piece for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I gave him all the pages and I ran all the pages and I made a kind of curved clips to the Alli Martin Martin, and he covered it in resin, and a bee was stopped.
Well, my mother has fear of bees and it is allergic to them, so I added more resin, and I thought I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs and weird bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow the stores, draw the same thing that you do around a break on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own symptom of specimens invented.
First, blacks, the ones that you can do an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the sand fields.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Zill.
It was stupid, man.
At some point I get interested in human form, natural sizes of natural size with drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was killed.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the reserve.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big -- I call a a team a film."
For the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Danker of the Hiller of Holi Boston who is a painting in the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the tragedy -- I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, you're Jesus and the lasers.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
You go from the world of representation to this analysis of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animals are headed into the sea, ready to stay on dough in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god attached to a card.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Hong -- the death platform of the drawing -- Cape -- the Seath bin Restance region -- there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways also a kind of a group.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up clouds.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the training."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a transport, like a bird pile, and you find clouds from this trap.
It also has a $50 story a little bit of a signal that joins the court."
Anyway, his tail is going to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Her tail ended up in a circular colony of a professional cortex made of terrorists in 1886.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball baseball cards in the 1980s.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called a passive.
This is a six years project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material are and a discussion or the research or the magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they come together, they get fun.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microbe of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers your penis or not -- or whatever it has to, a kind of a analyzing thing.
It's a quick quick of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There's a little forest scene inside the Arctic city.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box -- it's called Portugal Jordan.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician -- a mechanism, a radio, a radio teacher, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that determines all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We measure the box and all the people in front of them with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who and the box is living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with diagnostic and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
Take a short.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first passes through the stomach, the insects and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and influence for any direct drug effect in the body.
The description, however, is that when you bring it any drug on it is distinguished.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the care of cancer cells.
But they also are known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative. Because in the time they are going to get to the blood stream, they flow up, and worse even for the time they use to get to your destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV story.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is influenced and not very easily in the blood stream of patients who are solved to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the interaction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a lifelong treatment treatment for oral life.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the spread of the virus, without the risk of distance of the drugs?
As a scientific expert in laser, the answer was in front of me: the lasers of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery, they can be used for anything, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or lose extremely small holes, and they open up and close almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people say, "How is that possible?
We send a little laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of metronics.
Before I even realize the hole is replaced immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a tent of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an interest in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed into the site.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV HIV.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups not statistics: armed organizations like terrorists, investments or males.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand these general agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 21st signed peace agreement between 1975, and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we have to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not related to it.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Linux Book, known for its violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Persian has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hawaii police, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Lab since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting out.
They're a huge.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels and web websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the HIV magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
And armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of background without superstitues, but by relatively profitable businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools -- hospitals, hospitals, put into a professional training program or more of the movies.
I read all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't go -- security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan divided by war or even the beginning of the AIDS rise -- it can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an absolutely elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, election victory of 2006, the Palestinian Hawaii cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are sharks.
They grow because they fill out gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and cause governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated people are these organizations, less we can tell them as something contrary to a state.
How do we call a group like a British?
They take part of a territory, they manage all of its function, they collect the trash -- they manage the system of cod.
Is it a state? Is it a release group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is HIV is?
The lines are disappointed.
We live in a world of state, of nations without state, and the more weak the states are, like in the current East East, more convenient and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in nonviolent tools.
It has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentive will offer to promote the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are monster, but fear that accept openly the flower of the micro-contract would be unfair for the first forests.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I was a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Mexico: and then in the interview, people started calling me the feminist Malari.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself, and a deliberate pattern, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminist -- these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems to be a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people in the installation that could be feminist that could be.
Being labeled as a feminist was a partner, a bad and unpleasant word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which he asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and besides, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are a bit of a big standard to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical distributions.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexual condition and social condition and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matter what we have in common.
Without this guy, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contracts.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of it.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear music music for all volume.
Although the letter ripped to women and profoundly happy, the classic "State Star from the Long Angel TV is amazing.
"Do it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Parent, dance, moving until you hit the blood."
Think about it.
Poor poetry, right?
I'm completely made by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the pursuit of garbage and the concept of the shoes and the nest maintenance of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Matthew and the romantic comedy and I have amazing fantasies of the fairy stories that make it happen.
Some of my crime are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is substantially controlled in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choice.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or deflect the needs of women's women, workers and gay and transgendered -- in favor of white women, hostility, class class and high.
Listen, if that's good members I'm a very bad feminist here.
It also happens the following: As a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist feminist in a primary.
We hope that they go to perfect.
When we get rid of them, we would go back with a lot of taste from the same policy where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I already consider myself from that pedestal before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as a feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female for fear of what that tag means, and I fear not to be able to be able to be able to meet the ancient expectations.
Take an example to Berkeley, or as I call it, the David.
In the last few years, it's a diagnosed feminist in the last few years.
In the Museum Middle Arabs of 2014, in May acting in front of the word "Flow of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star embracing openly the feminism and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started endless arguments if Ken was or not necessarily feminist.
They rating their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfect perfection, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so dramatically a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism to dissect the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until it's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The evil magazine, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our concerns to tell them, go to action and be a bit more valuable.
If I listen to degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their profits.
No doubt is hard.
Why does their music have to be so passive?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all get and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
These are two gorgeous girls, decided and bright and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you apply to the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is going to be much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with the sex violence against women as a sport, the U.S.
We can change radio transmission when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers, as a basis of the baseball.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are substantially supposed but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making processes.
Since we are not better people. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, people in the power of directors and movie producers and music producers and music, CEOs, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or any of any tape.
The last line of my book "Man Mexico: says, "I would like to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I went through my voice was stolen and feminism helped me get it out.
There was a incident.
I call it the incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to me.
I was in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and members, I also discovered that if I was a little courageous -- another woman could hear and see me and realizing that none of us is the world trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking about what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same.
I hope we could all be a bit courageous, when more you need to be a bit bad.
Just after Christmas last year, 134 children in California had to have visited Distance or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in The Power.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for over half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Distant outbreak. They hadn't been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the controversy of autism and the disability vaccines, declared and for being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Roment?
Doesn't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a support?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism rise in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about her create the entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting out.
Reduce organizations like Australia Saturday refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell you from another child in Dianistist.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Center of Disease Control control what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like a shot of "Man and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't divide a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be excited, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s in the 1970s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less to do with slow and cartoon progress of science that with the power of the nature of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with an infant psychiatrist, Leo Kanger, from the hospital John Hopkins in 1973, Kennedy published a paper that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to have private worlds, including people around them, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours the hands of their faces in front of their faces, but they were prey for the panic as they didn't put their favorite toys in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the course of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while picking up reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is really not to extract, because the Kansas criteria for autism diagnosis were very relatively recording.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to children with consumers, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he realized that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to their comfort for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
I classify autism as a form of child papers caused by cold parents and describes.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that play in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were two years old.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Between them."
But Kenny had a bad opinion of these skills, making things like children were simply regurgitating what they had heard about their parents -- they were desperate for winning their approval to win their approval to win their approval to gain.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, turning into invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kenne that autism was weird.
Long Congo, cognitive psychologists of London, thought that the theory of mothers forget from Kansas, was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John was warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sight.
And Alexander and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sweden without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend at the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague, Judith Gulf decided to do something that should have been 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They made a suburb of London called Murrow to try to find kids in the community.
What you saw from clear that the Kenne model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, while others were locked in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genius of reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and stressed boxes, as Judit said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the romantic model of Honor would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perfect about these children before?
But then Long found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944, the next year to the Army article -- and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kenne knew about this piece of competition, but he avoided deliberately to mention in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he brought it to her.
Declared offers an alternative history of autism.
Her author was a man named Hans Space, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Space for the teaching of children with learning differences were also progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Space described as a political disability of life that required compassionate support forms and spaces adapted during the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Spanish called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the education method that were especially suitable for them.
Francist, Spanish saw autism as a diverse continuous and a surprising variety of teeth and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they always have been, seeing aspects of this continuum in teams known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distributed professor.
He was further to say, that for success in science and art, a pile of autism is essential.
And London and Judith discovered that Kansas was wrong when autism was incredible, as well as the parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked silently with the American Association of psychiatric to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called a "Asha spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes became a visual, holding the limited model of Kennedy by a broad and inclusive of Spanish.
These changes did not fall into broken steel.
Occasionally, when London and Judith worked between the shortage to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Ray Man in 1988, just a small circle, I would run out of experts knew what autism, but after the invisible performance of Dusty Denny as Rose Bang and the Robotic Man of the Charles Bank with four primes of the Academy of Academy and psychologists and teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
Ran Mandela combination changes and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to get up, like Land and Judy, in fact hoped that this was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that are moving.
So Andrew Washington came to blame the vaccines for increases in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and seductive history of history as bad as the theory of Kansas that autism was increasing.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one out of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances -- the term neurons to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand biodiversity is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily happy, genuinely social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching to Spring, which creates that the circus for the most intractable aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with action, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Koran Dawkins once said, "We need all the hands on board to understand the boat of humanity."
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
